
I am A JEDI! I am A JEDI! I am A JEDI!
     2     Tracy     I know who you are.
     3     Tracy     Ooh, Ooh, goodness gracious! You hooligans better watch out! Cause this honky grandma be trippin'!
     4     Tracy     Where's the love? Right on. Hey, let me get two half a chickens and some pecan waffles.
     5     Tracy     I ain’t doing it unless I can get to do it my way. You know, I want it to be raw. HBO style content.
     6     Tracy     Cause I’m gonna drop truth bombs. You know how pissed of I was when US weekly said I was on crack? That’s racist. I’m not on crack. I’m straight up mentally ill!
     7     Tracy     Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, Whoa. We are strong! No one call tell us we're wrong! Searching our hearts for so long!
     8     Tracy     Right here. This is where I grew up.
     9     Tracy     Excuse me, where's the manager? I’m from the government and I’m here to inspect your chicken nuggets! Uh oh. Look at shorty. This honky grandma be trippin'! What's up, America?! I'm coming into your house live! Let me hear you say, "We love you, 16!"
     10    Tracy     So how you doing over there, Theo Huxtable?
     11    Tracy     Nah uh. Superman does good, You doing well. You need to study your grammar, son.
     12    Tracy     Lemon. Lemon. Can I be real with you?
     13    Tracy     I haven't had a real job in like two years. I'm not used to all these cue cards and all of that.
     14    Tracy     You're right.I got this. Thanks for looking out for me, Lemon. I'm gonna crush it. Show these people how a movie star does it.
     15    Tracy     Hi I’m Tracy Jordan. I’m black NBC! Very proud, like peacocks. Right Janet? I think we got it! I think we got it.
     16    Tracy     Please. You can't hurt me. I did stand up on the road. Crowd once threw a motorcycle at me.
     17    Tracy     No, no, no, no. This is what we're gonna do, Lemon. You're gonna get everyone on my yacht. Harbor cruise, drinks, togetherness.
     18    Tracy     Oh, that's Spanish for "remember your mother."
     19    Tracy     Don’t worry, he was in the Navy.
     20    Tracy     So Here’s some advice I wish I would’ve got when I was your age: Live every week, like it’s "shark week".
     21    Tracy     From Yankee Stadium.
     22    Tracy     Dress everyday like you gonna get murdered in those clothes.
     23    Tracy     Which means when the law conflicts with our desires, then we must operate outside the law. You following me?
     24    Tracy     I got one little errand for you to run. Tomorrow's my anniversary, and I almost forgot about it. But What did I tell you was the secret to having a good marriage and keeping it together, Kenneth?
     25    Tracy     How would you like it if I did and impression of you Liz Lemon? I'm Liz Lemon. I wear man shirts. Watch me skateboard.
     26    Tracy     Too late Liz Lemon. He called me five minutes ago.
     27    Tracy     Oh, you mean Jesus?
     28    Tracy     Audience, let me ask you a question. How many times has this happened to you? Or this? Seem familiar? Bread is one of the worst things in the world, but we've already needed it. Until now. By burning three different types of meat together, the Tracy Jordan Meet Machine takes bread out of equation. Now you're sandwich is all of the good stuff. That's delicious!
     29    Tracy     What happened?
     30    Tracy     Closer to Cherkassy.
     31    Tracy     (Flashback) Let’s go rescue Karen... Or whatever. Is it Sheryl? Then she can tell us where the drugs are -- I mean gold. Then we got the car chase. I’m getting way too old for this. Was I supposed to say that then?
     32    Tracy     I don't know what to tell you. They're making me rehearse. I know Pat Benatar rarely performs live. Scalp the damm tickets!
     33    Tracy     Cool. I'll read those later, Lemon.
     34    Tracy     I can't read, Liz Lemon! My shameful secret is out. Now you know why I'm always running into the ladies' bathroom.
     35    Tracy     I can’t read! I sign my name with an X! I once tried to make mashed potatoes with laundry detergent. I think I voted for Nader! NADER!
     36    Tracy     Yeah, I had to go to reading class. You hear this mess about sometimes "Y" being a vowel? What a world.
     37    Tracy     Yeah, all right. Cool.
     38    Tracy     I'm unbelievable? What about your racist mess? Thinking a grown man is illiterate. That's the subtle racism of lowered expectations. Bing Crosby said that.
     39    Tracy     Yo, me Toofer and Frank are going to be writing my book all day long, and I think my snake is sick. So I need you to go out to my car and rub his belly until he poops.
     40    Tracy     Make the letters bigger, Toof!
     41    Tracy     I have no memory of that. Write it up.
     42    Tracy     Imagine Christmas wishes, shooting out of your eyes. A candy cane full of snow dreams. a stocking full of smiles. It's a Jordan Christmas!
     43    Tracy     That’s what I’m saying. That’s character assassination. That’s not normal. It only looks like I’m walking out of a Starbucks, when actually I’m doing the robot going backwards into a Starbucks. And I don’t even know who’s dog that is! Yes. I steal dogs.
     44    Tracy     Aah!
     45    Tracy     I am a stabbing robot. I will stab you.
     46    Tracy     Pete Hornberger, tonight is the night we celebrate our bodies and out minds. Hit it!
     47    Tracy     All right. Just one. I got to be downtown dressed as a ninja by 10:00.
     48    Tracy     What's going on?
     49    Tracy     I studied fried chicken at the school of hard knocks. Ain't that right, Mr. Jack?
     50    Tracy     I'm ridiculous. I'm black. I may even be ugly. But, thank god, I'm here! I'm here, and nothing but them can keep me from it!
     51    Tracy     Payback. The way you treated me. You used me.
     52    Tracy     They disrespected me.
     53    Tracy     Yeah, then I could go, "Rodney, don't make me come over there and beat you in the head with one of my boom-booms!"
     54    Tracy     Bernie Mac doesn’t do it, 'cause he’d be ugly as hell. Forget it. I’m not wearing this dress. It’s prejudicial.
     55    Tracy     I've got a lot on my plate!
     56    Tracy     I keep hallucinating Kenneth. Am I going crazy again? Should I get my rainbow wig out of storage?
     57    Tracy     Sure is. Wanna go kiss in the prop cage?
     58    Tracy     You know when a dude knows he's going to turn into a werewolf and locks himself into a jail? Well I'm embarrassed to say I missed the birth of both of my sons. For very legitimate reasons.
     59    Tracy     And good for you, Liz Lemon. There's something about you lately. Make me want to put my feet in your mouth.
     60    Tracy     Explain the rules.
     61    Tracy     So for me to be there at the birth of my daughter, I have to answer trivia questions, despite having gone to middle school in a Exxon station?
     62    Tracy     C'mon, I don't know that.
     63    Tracy     SHE is an orca, Benjamin. FYI, they're very difficult to keep in a home aquarium.
     64    Tracy     The capital of the United Arab Emirates is Abu Dhabi. I know that cuz if I go back there I'll be executed.
     65    Tracy     I hate to say I told you so, so... Welcome to Miami!
     66    Tracy     l'm not doing any of that.
     67    Tracy     Remember that night we had the three-way with Elayne Boosler? [ Laughs ]
     68    Tracy     That's Tracy Jordan spelled backwards.
     69    Tracy     [screams, chasing Lutz]
     70    Tracy     Gentlemen, tonight I'm gonna laugh harder- tonight, at... than I did at Dotcom's play.
     71    Tracy     J-train, as you may know, I was in a film called Hard to Watch, and the "pundits" think that I have a "chance" at an "Oscar" and I just learned about "air quotes."
     72    Tracy     Be bad at snapping. Got it.
     73    Tracy     Well definitely the foreign films. Like the political ones where you think there'll be no boobies, then BAM! Boobies.
     74    Tracy     I think the better question is "What ISN'T an actor?" A lamp. A couch. That mirror. Or a hidden pistol. An actor --
     75    Tracy     Wait, great like good, or grate like the thing I dropped my asthma inhaler down the other day? [wheezes]
     76    Tracy     No, Liz Lemon. It's like the thing I said in another movie I made: "Compromises are for lesser souls. Die, werewolf-zombie."
     77    Tracy     You probably said fortnight.
     78    Tracy     Hey, what was that sound? It was opportunity knocking!
     79    Tracy     Okay. You remember Donald. My son who's two years older than me.
     80    Tracy     You wouldn't believe this, but that business failed. I blame Obama. But the good news is Donald has a brand new venture. Sell 'em, son.
     81    Tracy     If you've learned anything from me, it's how to do a bad job. Go, honor me. Save yourself. But first, get me a sandwich.
     82    Tracy     On behalf of Grizz and Feyonce, I'd like to thank Jack Donaghy for letting us have this reception here after the other location couldn't support the weight of Grizz's extended family.
     83    Tracy     It's all coming back to me. Oh, my God! I slept on an old dog bed stuffed with wigs.
     84    Tracy     I watched a prostitute stab a clown.
     85    Tracy     Our basketball hoop was a ribcage. A ribcage!
     86    Tracy     Why did you bring me here? I blocked all this stuff out for a reason. Oh, Lord! Some guy with dreads electrocuted my fish!
     87    Tracy     Nermal, I hate you, Nermal! Almost as much as I hate Mondays! This is my lasagna! You hear me, Nermal? My lasagna!
     88    Tracy     I seen a blind guy bite a police horse!
     89    Tracy     A puppy committed suicide after he saw our bathroom!
     90    Tracy     A pack of wild dogs took over and successfully ran a Wendy's!
     91    Tracy     I once saw a baby give another baby a tattoo! They were very drunk!
     92    Tracy     I saved a lot of kids from lame sex!
     93    Tracy     Goodnight! Stay tuned for a special Mother's Day edition of Bitch Hunter!
     94    Tracy     So you're...
     95    Tracy     Don't even get me started on marriage. [silence] Thank you.
     96    Tracy     Well, I yelled ''Baba Booey'' at Walter Cronkite's funeral, so I actually have no idea of what's rude or not.
     97    Tracy     But I couldn't thunder last night, because I had to take Angie to the E.R. She had some complications with her pregnancy. So that kind of trumps your little problem.
     98    Tracy     There is one thing. Could you take care of Angie like a husband until this whole assache blows over?
     99    Tracy     Great update, Ken. Thanks for checking in. Talk to you later.
     100   Tracy     To be honest, I couldn't really understand anything Rick James was saying.
     101   Tracy     Fine. I'll be there soon. And if you get hungry, you can help yourself to anything in the fridge. And once I'm there, I'll determine how much to charge you.
     102   Tracy     Hey, Ken. Isn't that a fun place to stand? Oh, I forgot to warn you about my dog, Tracy Sr. I trained him to hate white people. Because, not to profile, but most ghosts are white. This is my boy, here. And look what Angie did to him. She set up an invisible fence. He gets shocked if he tries to leave the property. Just because he'd run away and cause car accidents and impregnate neighbors' horses. He's trapped here, just like me.
     103   Tracy     Maybe this will get Angie to stop calling me irresponsible. Just stay focused and take this sandwich to my wife. Nope, I'm in a strip club. My bad.
     104   Tracy     Don't throw a party for vengeance. It will turn on you. Like your wife, after your kid has fallen into a quarry.
     105   Tracy     I'm torn, K-Pax. I know I should be here, but my body's going to take me to Liz Lemon's. What do I do? Put the electric dog collar on me.
     106   Tracy     You're going to pour glue in the lock. That's how my kids keep me out of the liquor cabinet.
     107   Tracy     This better be ''meetment''. I'm importing.
     108   Tracy     Yes, he probably picked up your scent and is hunting you. I suggest you cut off a finger and throw it in the river.
     109   Tracy     Of course not. The Aryan hates and fears the African man, as we so clearly saw in the Blade movies.
     110   Tracy     Splock... Short for ''Black Spock''.
     111   Tracy     I had another freaky ''Kenmare''.
     112   Tracy     [from the phone Dotcom's holding] Line!
     113   Tracy     Let's do it again from the top. I want to get it perfect, because perfection is my middle name. "Unclaimed Perfection Baby Boy."
     114   Tracy     Of course, friend. Teamwork is the key to success.
     115   Tracy     No. I wasn't going to buy two blimps and crash them into each other to see what sound they made.
     116   Tracy     Never better. I'm as happy as a clam who wants to kill some woman.
     117   Tracy     [still to the tune of Billy Joel's Uptown Girl] That's too bad, but if I sing you cannot do anything to make me look bad on your TV show and also let me stay that Liz is a ho. A dirty ho.
     118   Tracy     Five years ago I saved YOUR show! I rode in here on a white horse that you made me leave in the lobby. All you do is stifle me when you should be thanking me.
     119   Tracy     And I have no reason to hug her other than my love of having boobs pressed against me.
     120   Tracy     And I would anticipate your angling and I would get there. I would get there.
     121   Tracy     No, you already said all on the show. You said it all! [hugging] I got there.
     122   Tracy     That's the craziest thing I've ever heard. Episcopal.
     123   Tracy     Do not mention the underwater city of Sironicon. Got it.
     124   Tracy     Wow, I've always wanted one of these. The box would make a perfect coffin for my teddy bear.
     125   Tracy     Congratulations. I am not interested in godfather duties.
     126   Tracy     I'm sorry we were stressing you out. We shouldn't do that. It could turn your child into a Dracula.
     127   Tracy     Why would you pretend to help Jack? Help him for real! It takes the same amount of time.
     128   Tracy     You will be punished! Can I have my nunchuks back?
     129   Tracy     I suck? The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame sucks. [Crowd booing] Hello.
     130   Tracy     ''Purr-fect''! Like a cat birthday! How can I possibly get in trouble on a walking tour?
     131   Tracy     I knew it! For a dude that has the most hilarious last name I've ever heard, you blow! We didn't land on Plymouth Rock! Plymouth Rock landed on Mars!
     132   Tracy     Sure, find a scapegoat. Just like John Hancock did with the good King George.
     133   Tracy     There you are! Your Kenneth and I were worried sick about you!
     134   Tracy     No, I wouldn't. Not for a billion doll hairs.
     135   Tracy     Yeah, they're not worth nothing. You could probably sell them to a doll company and get maybe $40,000 for them.
     136   Tracy     Liz Lemon... you booger face! I'm going to kill you with a bazooka!
     137   Tracy     No, It's off me! A book hasn't caused me this much trouble since Where's Waldo went to that barber pole factory. It's on you, Liz Lemon. And you will be punished.
     138   Tracy     That's a pun on Amadeus, dummy. I will not be judged by you. You caused this whole folderol. And until you are adequately debased, you will subsidize my predilection for erotica. Oh, yeah. And I used your credit card to buy a vocabulary course from The Teaching Company.
     139   Tracy     Oh sure! Ladysmith Black Mambazo, Paul Simon, Invictus.
     140   Tracy     Uh oh. It's night time. Gotta go to bed or I'll anger the Gods. They must be crazy! Africa!
     141   Tracy     Six, I knew it was a character from Blossom, but I couldn't find the ''Joey Russo'' button.
     142   Tracy     I know it's a girl, Liz Lemon. Because I yelled, ''Susan B. Anthony'' at the moment of conception.
     143   Tracy     We're going to name her after the place that she was conceived. It was a pretty wild night. So we're going to name her either Virginia, NetJet, or Bathroom at Teterboro Airport.
     144   Tracy     Uh-huh. And before you worked here, were you an ass scientist? Because your ass... blah-blah-blah. You get the point.
     145   Tracy     I blame you three for my unhealthy attitude towards women! You have created an atmosphere of hostility and intolerance that everyone talks about all the time!
     146   Tracy     Grizz, when was the last time you told your fiancee you love her? Since the phone call I interrupted to make this announcement!
     147   Tracy     Kenneth, your haircut is disrespectful to lesbians.
     148   Tracy     Verdukianism? That doesn't make sense. Jimmy is Catholic.
     149   Tracy     New dude is as good at singing as Tracy Jordan is at everything.
     150   Tracy     Why don't Catholics eat meat on Fridays? I'll tell you why. Because the Pope owns Long John Silvers.
     151   Tracy     Uh-oh, Ken. We may have fallen into the intellectual deep end here. And if you try to grab onto me, we'll both drown.
     152   Tracy     Come over here and check out my corner. No trap.
     153   Tracy     Come over here, I said. In my normal tone of voice.
     154   Tracy     Liz Lemon, recently, I realized that I have a hole in my heart. And not the one I got from eating batteries. It's 'cause I don't have a daughter.
     155   Tracy     I'm glad you feel that way. Because Angie's on her way up, and I want you to tell her for me.
     156   Tracy     Oh, yes, you are. Click. I said ''click'' to distract you from the sound of the handcuffs.
     157   Tracy     You did good.
     158   Tracy     There was a better kid's birthday party up the street.
     159   Tracy     Your hair did? You just got your hair did. You have to get your hair did again?
     160   Tracy     Racist.
     161   Tracy     Yes, perfect. What's that? I want it. I forgot why I originally came in here.
     162   Tracy     Sure, I know him from the secret black people meetings. Nah, I'm just kidding. He's not invited. But who's ''EGOT''?
     163   Tracy     No need. I got something better than presents for you and the kids. I got us all this ''EGOT'' necklace for me.
     164   Tracy     I am going to EGOT. For us. For the family. And especially for little Chewbaquina Jordan.
     165   Tracy     Great, I'll be in touch. You still using your Hotmail account?
     166   Tracy     I'd first like to thank my creative team for coming in on such short notice. And I'm sorry I'm four hours late. Dotcom, research update.
     167   Tracy     Is it me, or is Liz Lemon getting hotter?
     168   Tracy     As a time saver I will refer to the two of you as Clemen. I wanted that next level, Clemen. Now remember, to save time, you two are Clemen. It's a combination of-
     169   Tracy     I'm sorry I did this to you, half a Clemen. I had no choice. Sean Penn wanted me to go to Haiti with him and I'm not strong enough for the pain and the human misery of a three hour plane ride with Sean Penn. I'm tried of hiding. I just want my old life back.
     170   Tracy     It's not a leash! It's a very long skin tag!
     171   Tracy     Jesus was black!
     172   Tracy     Here come the roofies.
     173   Tracy     Why don't you shut your mouth, back that ass up, and make me a sandwich.
     174   Tracy     I lied to all you ugly white ladies. I didn't go to Africa. I was hiding in a warehouse in Queens watching vintage pornography.
     175   Tracy     No! It's un-brave! You should hate me!
     176   Tracy     What does that even mean!?
     177   Tracy     F.U.L.L. spells "full," because you're full of B.S., Liz Lemon.
     178   Tracy     I am a Jedi!
     179   Tracy     There are tears falling on her boobies, Liz Lemon.
     180   Tracy     I know you've been molested. That's how we all got here. But I don't want to hear about it.
     181   Tracy     But I wasn't even supposed to say that! The line was "Sherinne, I hope Dr. Mugutu has good news about my endoscopy," but I couldn't get it right so they told me to improv!
     182   Tracy     That's crazy! A man named Elia. That's a giraffe's name.
     183   Tracy     You know how on St. Bart's, people be eating their lobsters like this? [Eating sounds] Don't look at me in the eyes!
     184   Tracy     Right on, my brother. My dear friend, Moby, opened up a tea house in Park Slope. Does he know you? Hey, Rolly. You ever lose your remote control?
     185   Tracy     And then your wife starts getting all mad because the roof won't close and the bed that's in the shape of your face is getting rained on? I like you, Rolly. Can I feel the rough skin on your hands?
     186   Tracy     Hello, fellow human being. would you like to ask me what time it is?
     187   Tracy     Are you a large child or a small adult?
     188   Tracy     You look regular. Can I guess your name? Is it Pedro? Is it Craigford? Is it Swimming?
     189   Tracy     Are you a pre-op transcentaur?
     190   Tracy     Excuse me. Do you have change for a $10,000 bill?
     191   Tracy     I would like some chicken nuggets, a beer, and some of my wife's rice, to stay.
     192   Tracy     Excuse me, sir. Do you want to hold hands with a black millionaire?
     193   Tracy     Does anyone want to be my friend? I'm normal!
     194   Tracy     It's going super great, Dotcom. Meet my new friends, ''Nobody'', and his wife, ''Susan walters-Hyphen-Nobody''. I'm so far from my roots, I don't think I'll ever get back. what's that sound? Bucket drummers!
     195   Tracy     These... these are my people! Bucket drummers, if you are striking, so am I. Two, four, six, eight, 10, 1 2, 14, 16, 18.
     196   Tracy     New what? If it's a blonde woman, I'm going to kill myself!
     197   Tracy     This is going to be the scariest Princeton Parents' Weekend ever!
     198   Tracy     Boo!
     199   Tracy     So how are you feeling? Any arm pain? Shortness of breath? Plans to investigate corruption in Russia?
     200   Tracy     Oh, yeah, I forgot, Dotcom. You know everything about acting because you played a bird in some stupid school play.
     201   Tracy     If i start screaming in my sleep do NOT wake me up. I will attack you. [starts snoring] YAAAAA! WAKE ME UP! FREE FROM THIS! [snores] LAAAAHHHH HA!
     202   Tracy     The party hasn't started. That's just the guys setting up. Can I borrow a cup of sugar? I'm trying to get a hummingbird to drink out of my penis.
     203   Tracy     Fore! Hey guys! It's me, Tracy! The black guy from work.
     204   Tracy     I hooked the ball onto a truck on the Long Island Expressway, and Tracy Jordan does not take mulligans. Good thing you had to move out of that house. Some idiot rammed his boat that I was driving into it.
     205   Tracy     Great impression of a guy that sucks, Dotcom! Look, we got a lot of work to catch up on.
     206   Tracy     Was Dotcom standing that gay?
     207   Tracy     It was either that or play a rapping doorman in a Kate Hudson movie.
     208   Tracy     [laughs] I get it now! It's so funny! Everyone laugh! NOW, you sons of bitches!
     209   Tracy     Don't ever tell me what to do! Quad hug me in the middle! Also, due to a paperwork mix up, you will not be getting paid this month!
     210   Tracy     Always have been, always will be.
     211   Tracy     That's what Danny was saying. We have to be cool to everybody. Because the future is like a Japanese game show. You have no idea what's going on.
     212   Tracy     It's ''Take Your Black Kid to Work Day''.
     213   Tracy     The Cosby Show lied to me.
     214   Tracy     That's why my life is not like The Cosby Show. I only have boys. And boys are disgusting! I need a baby girl. Don't patronize me! Stop laughing! It's not funny! I need a baby girl! Don't slit my vas deferens!
     215   Tracy     Wake up, Tracy! Wake up! I don't want a vasectomy, Dr. Spaceman. I need to go back in time. Why did I sell my DeLorean to Mr. T?
     216   Tracy     Well, I hope he makes me an across helmet so I don't get hurt playing across. Now come on. That's pretty solid for a guy who just came out of a hallucination.
     217   Tracy     Yo, Lemon ! You coming to the after-after-after party?!
     218   Tracy     Let's blow this joint! lt's about to turn back into a taxi dispatch set-up. You going to the after-after-after-after party?! Well, let's rock!
     219   Tracy     Don't go, Liz Lemon ! There's still an after-after- after-after-after party! l just got to take my kids to soccer first! Hey, whose roof is this?
     220   Tracy     ''Tom Cruise,'' 'cause that's how Oprah says it. ''To-o-o-o-o-m !''
     221   Tracy     What can l do? l'm on my grind. l'm gonna have so much money my grandkids are gonna play lacrosse. Lacrosse, Liz Lemon.
     222   Tracy     No I'm not. I took a Real Age Test that said I'm dead.
     223   Tracy     Pay attention to me LL or else I'm going to do something self-destructive. For example, I just got an honorary sheriff's badge and I'm going to start making real arrests.
     224   Tracy     Why not? The Bronx turned me dyslexic.
     225   Tracy     [voicemail message] Hi, this is Tracy's cell phone. Dot Com, hold the steering wheel, I gotta leave my outgoing message. What'd I just hit? Was that a person? Is that paint or blood? Dot Com, this did not happen! We take this to our graves!
     226   Tracy     I will make a brief statement on behalf of the idiot community, then I will open the floor for questions. Since its founding early this afternoon, the National Association for Zero Intolerance, or NAZI … We should change that.
     227   Tracy     My ringtone is the chicken dance. If I answer it, I won't hear the whole song!
     228   Tracy     I want you to call my phone so I can hear the chicken dance again.
     229   Tracy     Hang on, have you not left this building since you were mugged?
     1     Jenna     This fat suit smells like corn chips.
     2     Jenna     Oh yes, I love cats. I used to have two cats, but then we moved to this place with hardwood floors so we had to put them down... I’m joking.
     3     Jenna     Oh Okay. Um, well I’m not sure about this costume.
     4     Jenna     What? Where is Liz?! Liz!
     5     Jenna     Stop falling in love with gay guys?
     6     Jenna     Really? You saw that? Wow! Did you know that all the writers in that are also conductors?
     7     Jenna     Liz, Liz, Did you see me in the Post? Oh my God. It’s so embarrassing. Look how thin I look! And look how many e-mail I’ve gotten. It’s not even 8AM in LA. Oh! Should I call Stern?
     8     Jenna     Oh my god is this for me? I can't belive you made all this fuss over my birthday. It's so incredibly thoughtful. Let me give something back to you guys. (Singing) I belive the childen are our future. Teach them well and let them lead the way
     9     Jenna     Oh no, Kevin, John's brother. Did you know that before Kevin was a novelist, he worked at a recycling center?
     10    Jenna     And he just finished writing the sequel. It's called "Urban Fervor"
     11    Jenna     You didn't like the movie.
     12    Jenna     I'm sorry that we're not all weeping with gratitude at getting to read your words. I am so glad I studied voice at Northwestern so I can do raps about Suri Cruise.
     13    Jenna     So now I'm a slut? Well let me tell you something. This slut slept with your brother!
     14    Jenna     It was hard on all of us. yes.
     15    Jenna     Well apparently it’s a number one hit, in Israel.
     16    Jenna     Oh, thank you guys for telling me.
     17    Jenna     Mmm. Yeah... non-dairy creamer. yum! Mmm. (Coughs) Mmm. Oh, yeah.
     18    Jenna     But Frank and Toofer said to me --
     19    Jenna     I just would hate for "Muffin Top" to get cut because of a standards problem. I've already posted on my Weblog that I'll be doing it.
     20    Jenna     Are you messing with me? Because people keep messing with me.
     21    Jenna     Oh, yes, I’m annoying. Not the man who honked your boobs on the Jumbo Screen.
     22    Jenna     After he dyed his hair and got super thin from all the stress. Are you kidding me? He was smokin’.
     23    Jenna     What’s a drive in?
     24    Jenna     Okay, I had a little botox, and some collagen, and a chemical peel and something with shark DNA. Admit it, I look 10 years younger.
     25    Jenna     How about now?
     26    Jenna     I can't believe that this is happening to me. It's just not far.
     27    Jenna     I got bumped.
     28    Jenna     You mean like a dog birthday party?
     29    Jenna     No, Liz, Cinderella is blond. You can be Snow White and party with the little people. Oh, take me.
     30    Jenna     Just one. It's not the White House. Um, chocatini, please.
     31    Jenna     Oh I'm sorry, when I'm the queen of Australia, I'll have him executed.
     32    Jenna     Yeah, that's what I said.
     33    Jenna     Should I say I'm still a virgin?
     34    Jenna     And I can get past someone's looks.
     35    Jenna     I'm an actress, Liz. It would be my greatest role of all time.
     36    Jenna     Oh, you're right, Liz! I should go for it.
     37    Jenna     No, you're a good friend and thank you.
     38    Jenna     Oh.
     39    Jenna     Yes, Yay.
     40    Jenna     Yes. Almost.
     41    Jenna     Admit it -- You spend just as much time and energy trying to look wierd as I do trying to look beautiful. And you can act like you hate me, but if I tried to kiss you right now, you would totally do it. cause you're a big phony jerk. And I just wanted to tell you that. Okay, Fine. I pooted. It's 3:00 in the morning. Are you happy?
     42    Jenna     Oh, no. Did I come across as interesting? ‘Cause I tried to mention Bono as much as possible.
     43    Jenna     Jack, I was misquoted.
     44    Jenna     [Liz faints. Tucker and Chris are speechless] Oh, no comeback?! YA BURNT!
     45    Jenna     If that's true, then I’m taking you out to celebrate. A girls night. We’ll meet some new people.
     46    Jenna     A line item budget! Ooooh. I LOVE this! It takes people and turns them into amounts of money. Except for Tracy, I'm the most person on the show. What do we do now?
     47    Jenna     I'll do it.
     48    Jenna     Grace, your position has been terminated. Effective immediately.
     49    Jenna     No, Pete! It's me! As great as I am at this I'm not really necessary. Hmm.. the last time I said that I was in a three way with two of the Backstreet Boys.
     50    Jenna     -- Cause my play was amazing. There is nothing like the thrill of doing a live show on Broadway.
     51    Jenna     l mean, l could do it, but...
     52    Jenna     Drawing the eye up.
     53    Jenna     Oh my God. What just happened?
     54    Jenna     Live Show, it's the 30 Rock Live Show, it's 30 Rock Live.
     55    Jenna     Why though do a 30 Rock Live Show, why 30 Rock Live?
     56    Jenna     Because this is my gift to you our audience!
     57    Jenna     I am a professional, Liz. I have never broken during a performance, ever. I was on stage in Pippin with Irene Ryan when she died and I kept going.
     58    Jenna     Oh I will never break, Liz, but if he tries that stunt again, I will have a "wardrobe malfunction." Yes, I will "slip a nip," Liz. So help me, I will slip a nip!
     59    Jenna     Not me. [holds up gold coin] I just got my "Ten Year Drunk" chip.
     60    Jenna     We did it!
     61    Jenna     Oh I have never broken, Liz, but if he tries to pull that stunt again, I will have a "wardrobe malfunction." Oh, I will "slip a nip," Liz. So help me, I will slip a nip!
     62    Jenna     Well, one of the camera guys just had a baby. And I'm sick of hearing about it. This will put me back on top.
     63    Jenna     Take the cake back, Kenneth.
     64    Jenna     I need a "Happy Blirthday Jennica" cake.
     65    Jenna     [flashback 1] How was the sex?
     66    Jenna     They do? Well then I need to see mine. If they used any of the footage from my shoplifting arrest... that would be great because my arms look fantastic.
     67    Jenna     Like who? [grabs list] Kim Jong Ill? I never heard of her! I should be on here!
     68    Jenna     Killing cats is wrong! Unless it's to make a hat. [hits masked Kenneth over the head with a fire hydrant]
     69    Jenna     How's it going in there?
     70    Jenna     Because before this was a clothing store it was a mental hospital. It's winky and fun, Liz.
     71    Jenna     Liz, it's the dream! Boy on the bottom, girl on the top!
     72    Jenna     This online slang dictionary says it's short for "amazing." Or it's a club drug made from a tooth whitener. Either way you win.
     73    Jenna     Och, and they were so offended. They banned me for life. And the same thing will happen to Tracy.
     74    Jenna     The first one, Trey. You are going win. And when you do, I'll be furious. Like waking up next to Rob Schnider furious. But I don't care. It's like you said in the movie. Sometimes you gotta do the right thing, even when the wrong thing would be a whole lot easier.
     75    Jenna     I would hit that.
     76    Jenna     Ohhhhh! We're celebrating our six month anniversary and I think Paul's going to pop the question.
     77    Jenna     No. Relationship are like sharks, Liz. If you're not left with several bite marks after intercourse then something's wrong.
     78    Jenna     [duet starts during Colleen & Milton's rant] O holy night! The stars are brightly shining, it is the night of the dear Saviour's birth. Long lay the world in sin and darkness pining, 'til He appeared and the soul felt his worth. [holding hands]
     79    Jenna     Oh, spare me your lame excuses. Maybe I'm old-fashioned, but when a girl dates a straight man who impersonates her on stage for mostly gay audiences, she has certain expectations. Fidelity, Paul. It's not just the name of a bank that sued me.
     80    Jenna     Sexual time travel, just like my Cinemax softcore Emmanuelle Goes to Dinosaur Land.
     81    Jenna     Excuse me. My friend has to go strangle her Anxiety Pillow.
     82    Jenna     Why does your chest feel weird?
     83    Jenna     Rupt circus. He works for a bankrupt circus.
     84    Jenna     Oh it's TACKY, Danny. Just like your mother's stupid chain emails.
     85    Jenna     Oh, no. Really?
     86    Jenna     It's just, I don't think I can plan a party this week. I'm doing a juice fast and it's making me really grouchy. [Screaming]
     87    Jenna     Oh, you don't want to mess with that stuff, Liz. Ice has caused a lot of O.D.s in the porn community. Oh, you mean frozen water? Well, I don't know.
     88    Jenna     Juice fast delirium, Liz.
     89    Jenna     Yeah, you know who's fun at parties? Paris Hilton. Andy Dick. Tracy. And they're all going to burn in hell.
     90    Jenna     Hi, Subhas. I have an extra headshot I was going to throw out. Unless you want it for something.
     91    Jenna     Hey, how did your dodgeball thing go? Did you meet anyone?
     92    Jenna     You know, there actually hasn't been a white princess since 1991.
     93    Jenna     There are little blonde girls in this country who have no idea they can be beautiful. That's why I started Jenna's Kids. It's a summer camp that teaches pretty, blonde girls how to be mean.
     94    Jenna     Oh, God.
     95    Jenna     We can explain, Pete. We were just trying to Elm Street Kenneth.
     96    Jenna     [singing] The thing that happened was so sad, we can't believe it got so bad when the stuff we know occurred went down. So find it in your heart, step up and do your part, and help the people the thing that happened happened to. Help the people the thing that happened happened to.
     97    Jenna     Why do bad things happen to good people? We'll never know. But look at these pictures. Look at these beautiful souls, and pick up the phone. Every dollar you give to help [overdub] "Mel Gibson" will go towards rebuilding [overdub] "his sex jacuzzi." [singing] And help the people the thing that happened happened to.
     98    Jenna     Oh, your dentist gets drunk with you too?
     99    Jenna     I'll tell you what's going to happen. It's going to be a disaster. The man is not an actor and has no business being on stage. Why, with a curtain five hours from now, it would take the greatest acting coach the world has ever seen to make his show a success. Fine, I'll do it!
     100   Jenna     Now's not the time to discuss this, but I will need to eat your umbilical cord.
     101   Jenna     Hang on. Why do you have a cat? And a fanny pack? And your ponytail... it's being held up by a chip clip!
     102   Jenna     Because I'm upset! Also I've been taking these new Czechoslovakian organ-slimming pills. They contain a little bit of meth. Which is something my body needs anyway! Listen, I'm not going to let you wallow like this. I am taking you out so you can rebound. Sexually.
     103   Jenna     Now, when I'm rebounding I like to do it with an NBA player because, well it's fun word play and... they're mean.
     104   Jenna     I don't know, it used to be a factory or something.
     105   Jenna     I always knew this would end someday. I just thought it would be with me in the trunk of a rental car.
     106   Jenna     Doug is my vibrator.
     107   Jenna     This isn't a relationship. This is some woman who shows up every couple of years to ask for money. To her, I'm just a gorgeous, naturally blonde A.T.M.
     108   Jenna     Jack, it was perfect. Like a John Mayer song.
     109   Jenna     Hi, I was told I'd get paid if I came here and danced while the Atlanta Hawks eat dinner?
     110   Jenna     My mom just made them, so they still might have some pigeon mites. But she said those can't ''affect-affect humans-humans''.
     111   Jenna     Hey, Liz. Verna's coming back for Mother's Day. We're going to do a duet of ''I'll Make Love To You'' at a children's hospital.
     112   Jenna     Well, I only wear designer labels. These are Jamie Foxx for Assfarm.
     113   Jenna     Wait... what? I was making my thing up. You bitch.
     114   Jenna     Getting stuck with new cast members who don't even hit on us once.
     115   Jenna     Wonderful news, non-famouses! My publicist just called from rehab - I made the Internet.
     116   Jenna     How do I find me? [to the computer] COMPUTER. JENNA.
     117   Jenna     [slaps Liz] What is that?! [points at Abby]
     118   Jenna     [flashback to Jenna and Liz at a bar surrounded by admiring guys, with Jenna making baby noises] Uhhh goo gaa!
     119   Jenna     There can't be two of us, Liz. She must be destroyed.
     120   Jenna     So you're saying it's a choice. Between the dignity of middle age and the illusion of youth.
     121   Jenna     Hang on, I'm just tweeting that I ran into you. This is so tandem.
     122   Jenna     Oh, not me! I can hear it! Ugh, my ears are, like, dying! Ah, Facebook!
     123   Jenna     ♪ Forever young I want to be forever young ♪
     124   Jenna     Thank you, Liz. It's funny. All my ''a-ha'' moments end with a moustache pressed against me.
     125   Jenna     Don't cry for me, Tartine. I've had a full life. Oh, the things I've seen. The first Clinton administration. The Nagano Olympics. Microsoft Windows '95. But I'm 41 now. Time to die.
     126   Jenna     This is actually a werewolf picture that, for tax reasons, is shooting in Iceland. I play a moon scientist who's trying to get to the bottom of things and who- spoiler alert- may herself be a werewolf. we start shooting tonight.
     127   Jenna     Punish you? Please, Liz, I've just always wanted to shoot a student werewolf movie in Iceland where I'm filling in last minute for Victoria Beckham.
     128   Jenna     And you probably don't know this because you've never played a moonologist, but werewolves only come out at night.
     129   Jenna     Oh, great day, everyone. You guys are the real stars.
     130   Jenna     Yes, Nightstalkers is taking a brief permanent hiatus.
     131   Jenna     Oh, Liz, thank you for giving me the hotter porn lady.
     132   Jenna     [subtitle: Jenna, Former Child Star] Am I trying to instigate fights by throwing wine at people just to get on camera? And maybe also promote my new lifestyle website, Jennas-Side.com? Of course now. I mean, is wine throwing something that even gets on you a reality show? [cut to Portia throwing wine in D'Fwan's face] [cut to Angie, D'Fwan, and Randi throwing wine in each other's faces] [cut to Randi in a limo throwing wine in a German Shepard's face]
     133   Jenna     Jennas-side. Jennas-side. I'm not hearing it, Liz.
     134   Jenna     [tips Jennas-Side.com cap at the camera]
     135   Jenna     C'mon Portia, I don't want to fight.
     136   Jenna     Drunk actor brainstorm: I'm going to make Pete host an intervention for me. It'll be all about Jenna. Drama, crying, the beauty of redemption. Perhaps a song. This is the best day of my life.
     137   Jenna     Does chewing on a sponge trick your brain's hunger center? Yes, yes! A million times, yes!
     138   Jenna     James and I just had lunch at the Spotted Pig. The paparazzi were everywhere. The gossip blogs are calling us ''James''. It's a combination of ''Jenna'' and ''James''.
     139   Jenna     Oh, Liz, I am happy. All this attention, getting my picture taken, having ice-cold diarrhea from drinking too much Jamba Juice. It's everything I ever wanted.
     140   Jenna     Yes, because I'm so happy for you. It's definitely not a rage stroke.
     141   Jenna     My niece drew a picture of me, and I look so fat!
     142   Jenna     Thank you. But you don't know what it looks like. Because of the door!
     143   Jenna     Okay, don't try to move the body yourself.
     144   Jenna     Oh, no, why did you do that? Jack, you don't know what it's like to be on ''ca-mer-rah''. You're vulnerable. You're exposed. You're exposed. It doesn't take a lot to send you over the edge.
     145   Jenna     Not anymore. You've created two Lizzes. Regular Liz and Performer Liz. You've got to lie to her. Coddle her. Protect her from the real world.
     146   Jenna     Jack, I just got your business ''sext''. What have you done?
     147   Jenna     Of course not. I'm not wearing my outfit.
     148   Jenna     Listen up, fives, a ten is speaking. As you may have heard, the Jenna Baby dolls I was selling on QVC have been recalled. Apparently they were just being used to smuggle cocaine into the country from Mexico. And that's caused some problems.
     149   Jenna     Me, my ass double, and a drill that once appeared on Home Improvement are currently starring in a feature film called Take My Hand.
     150   Jenna     I met that soccer ball once at a no-hands-allowed sex party.
     151   Jenna     Oh please! Don't kill me. I still haven't tried the famous seafood pizza at Sully's in Newhaven.
     152   Jenna     He is an idiot.
     153   Jenna     I love you too.
     154   Jenna     Yee-haw!
     155   Jenna     ♪ It's tennis night in America. Grab some buds and some brews, it's going to be a fight. ♪
     156   Jenna     If it is a blonde woman, I will kill myself!
     157   Jenna     ♪ It's tennis night in America, Got some buds and some brews, it's going to be a fight. So put down your meth and slip on your whites, 'Cause here in real America, it's tennis night. It's tennis night when the sun goes down. Take the car off the blocks and pull it all around the way. well, the volleys are hot and the bottoms are round, the way they wear them short shorts is out of bounds. Serve it up and smash it the American way. Slawomir Mleczko versus Kryzsztof Mlynarkiewicz. ...Are ready to play. In the Barnett Cup Semifinal. In the what? Got my lawn chair in my trunk, not an ocean in sight. So kiss my ass, New York, 'cause it's tennis night. Hee-haw! It's tennis night when the sun goes down, take the car off the blocks and pull it all around the way, well, the volleys are hot and the bottoms are round. The way they wear them short shorts is out of bounds. Just give a country gal some tennis. Don't give a damn it's not from Yankee Stadium. Better tie up your dogs, better go call the cops. Game, set, match. Lord it never stops! Hee-Haw! ♪
     158   Jenna     Hey, I read your rewrite. Start over, you hack!
     159   Jenna     There my buddies are. Oh, wow, they painted the ceiling in here.
     160   Jenna     No, let's do that! Yes, that gesture. I like people who do that.
     161   Jenna     Oh, my God. They're using me to get invited to gay Halloween so they can meet hot girls.
     162   Jenna     I want two good sketches a week, a promise to hate the new cast member and no more making fun of me when I misuse dated cultural references, okay? Are we cowabunga on this?
     163   Jenna     I'm going to walk up to him and say the four most vicious words you can say to a person you've already met. ''Nice to meet you.''
     164   Jenna     No! Paul is a gender dysmorphic bi-genitalian pan-sexuale.
     165   Jenna     Oh, eat it.
     166   Jenna     Conrad Bain once slapped me in a men's room.
     167   Jenna     It works, Liz. Look at me. Ever since I started secreting I've become a TV star, I've found my soul mate, you saw how flat Gwyneth Paltrow sang at the Oscars. I visualized all of that.
     168   Jenna     Oh I've taken action. It dries your mouth out but the sex is amazing.
     169   Jenna     Last year I used The Secret to learn Spanish and now I'm fluent. [enunciating carefully] "Rosa. I know you stole my necklace. I'll have your son deported. Oh wait, I found my necklace."
     170   Jenna     It depends. Do you have access to horse semen?
     171   Jenna     Do you like it? If you say no I'll drown myself.
     172   Jenna     Danny, around here we're known as the Problem Solvers.
     173   Jenna     Don't feel guilty for a second. This is Manhattan real estate. There are no rules. Like check in at an Italian sex party. I mean, do you know how long I've been waiting for the lady next door to finally join her husband in hell?
     174   Jenna     I know it's my turn to do the dishes. But I'm in character. And if you make me do the dishes, I will kill myself!
     175   Jenna     But, Kenneth, I need all of these. This one is for my cell phone. This one is for my laptop. This one is for my erotic massager. And this one is for something personal.
     176   Jenna     Well, of course not. Drama is like gay man Gatorade. It replenishes their electrolytes.
     177   Jenna     Hey, how did everything go with Dotcom?
     178   Jenna     Why do you do this to yourself? lf you don't like him, end it. Who cares if he thinks you're a racist?
     179   Jenna     Yeah, we're all models west of the Allegheny.
     180   Jenna     Liz, you don’t understand, people look at me differently now--Jack, the writers, the manager at Forever 21.
     181   Jenna     Jason, have you ever put out a cigar on Gilbert Gottfried's neck? Because I have, and his screams were the worst thing I'd ever heard ... until tonight. Congratulations, you're a disgrace.
     182   Jenna     Amazing news, Liz. I made the 'People' magazine crossword! One Across, five letters, Jenna Maroney's first name.
     183   Jenna     Because of 'America's Kidz Got Singing' I am blowing up. When you google "Jenna Maroney" now, I come up first, not the Jenna Maroney who electrocuted all those horses.
     184   Jenna     I couldn't find a Lincoln hat, so I grabbed this chimney sweep hat instead.
     185   Jenna     Leeches. They're good for your skin, and I've lost tons of blood weight.
     186   Jenna     Liz, if I become famous, will you tell me if I start acting weird?
     187   Jenna     Demi Moore does it, plus it makes PETA furious. And if PETA doesn't love you or hate you, you're a nobody, like a soldier or a teacher.
     188   Jenna     Oh, I owe him a call. I bet he's going to tell me I can't write off all my shoplifting.
     1     Pete      Yes, I do.
     2     Pete      Well, Kenneth, just respect their privacy.
     3     Pete      No way. Gary loves the show. Pleased with the ratings.
     4     Pete      We own K-Mart now?
     5     Pete      I'm surprised you're renovating. This is such a nice office.
     6     Pete      That's Uh. Why don't we, uh.
     7     Pete      That dude sucks.
     8     Pete      The name of the boat.
     9     Pete      Okay, I call.
     10    Pete      My wife's gonna kill me!
     11    Pete      You’re inappropriate! You jerk with your big stupid face!
     12    Pete      Did we just go in a circle?
     13    Pete      She's on stage.
     14    Pete      Hey what are you doing back here? They're rehearsing your Paris Hilton sketch.
     15    Pete      Wow! This is diet Snapple?
     16    Pete      It’s going to be Josh’s busiest show ever.
     17    Pete      Liz Taylor really messed him up. He might have brain damage.
     18    Pete      Well, we had a good run.
     19    Pete      Yeah? Handsome? You find me handsome?
     20    Pete      Well, I-I think this is my full potential.
     21    Pete      Actually, Tracy, I'm trying to get some work done here.
     22    Pete      Wow! That is an amazing story!
     23    Pete      Okay, the van to take you to Connecticut will be leaving at noon, and once you get up to the golf course, you'll be working in pairs. So, Tim and Shyla, Amy and Becca, Kenneth and Grace, and Eric and Pat. Okay, have fun. Don't get drunk. Buddy up.
     24    Pete      Oh, Kenneth, if you’re worried about disgracing the National Broadcasting Company, you’re too late.
     25    Pete      Oooooo! [hugs Liz]
     26    Pete      Editing hasn't sent up the title sequence yet and it's your turn to go down there. God I hate how much power they have over us. Who do they think they are? Mommy and her sisters?
     27    Pete      How's it going?
     28    Pete      What's in your teeth?
     29    Pete      Liz, quick question about the Johnny Appleseed sketch. Does it hurt it if we can't call him Johnny Appleseed.
     30    Pete      Oh God, Tejón Face. Is this about the TV interview?
     31    Pete      No, no, Liz. Last night for the first time ever, Tracy watched the non-porn version of the Carol Burnett Show.
     32    Pete      This is the lucky one. The Four of Clubs. Paula's nickname for my penis.
     33    Pete      [rapping] Rollin' with my homie, me an Jackie D, bitches get ready for a sex party.
     34    Pete      Okay, yeah, great. And about that Kabletown stuff, maybe we could talk about some new opportunities for me?
     35    Pete      But you can call me Dallas. This could be the start of something for me.
     36    Pete      Oklahoma. They couldn't find cowboy hats big enough for my kids' heads, so they're just wearing turbans.
     37    Pete      Can I get five more beers here? Name's Dallas.
     38    Pete      And you're going to hate this one. The only reason N.B.C. picked up The Girly Show is because of the flak they got from women's groups after airing the action drama Bitch Hunter.
     39    Pete      Threefer, because you're also gay.
     40    Pete      Unbelievable. It is way too early for this, guys. I haven't even had my first cup of wine today.
     41    Pete      Yeah, I was in Loverboy. But then I had to choose between staying in the band or taking that college scholarship to study TV budgeting. I made my choice. That part of my life is over.
     42    Pete      [singing with Frank in sound booth] It's never too late for now! Two, three... It's never too late-
     43    Pete      We're recording a song called "It's Never Too Late For Now." It's about that delicious little mystery I call "life."
     44    Pete      We'll make it up at the Grammy's. I talk! Not you!
     45    Pete      YOUR song?! All right, you know what? Forget it! Sound Mound is finished! Which means I now have five thousand t-shirts to un-order.
     46    Pete      Thanks man. Sound Mound rocks the town.
     47    Pete      He was pretty bad. Nutmeg. No, rodeo, rodeo, rodeo. Look, I think we can take the show to Miami for a week.
     48    Pete      Also, there is no SpectraVision or internet in the hotel so plan ahead, gentlemen. Porn-wise.
     49    Pete      What are you happy about? Did we get cancelled?
     50    Pete      If the teacher is male and the student is female. What happened to Frank is awesome! Standing ovation.
     51    Pete      Anyway, that's why I did it. One, to see the fear in her eyes, and two, without Tracy or Jenna we can file a claim against this show's insurance and keep getting paid without working, so... This is kind of the best day of my life.
     52    Pete      Danny, was that you? Why didn't you tell me you could sing like that?
     53    Pete      Liz, snap out of it. Jenna's locked herself in her dressing room.
     54    Pete      Wow, she finally figured that out.
     55    Pete      Boy, if this thing works, it could be my ticket out. This job is starting to get to me. Lately, I've been shoplifting just to feel in control. Because no one knows I took the candy bar. No one but Peter.
     56    Pete      Okay, here we go. One more, this is the one. And action! Great and smile. With your mouth. And raise the roof! Yeah, you can ''Whoo!'' You can do it. Good! Oh, my God. Break it down, break it down. Oh, yeah, yeah, sassy. Sass it up. Wave to a friend. Wave like a human being. You remember waving? And blow a kiss. No, with your hands! And, uh... a little cleavage. Nope. And just have fun. Are you spinning a basketball?
     57    Pete      Please step away!
     58    Pete      Oh, God. I got a tattoo that says ''Freedom'' in Chinese. And for what?
     59    Pete      Yes, Reggie, I am bald. I lost my hair at a very early age when I hit that Gypsy's kid with my car, but I am still your boss.
     60    Pete      I challenge you to the wrestling of arms!
     61    Pete      I never thought I'd feel sorry for a guy with a tattoo of a Leprechaun vomiting on a book.
     62    Pete      Well a very very heavy, uh, heavy, de-pertation tonight. We had a very ders... derrisson? by... Let's go ahead and tear a station, let's gud the bip the hebun bip.
     63    Pete      Yes, she will give it back to you when he goes home and gets it from her wife.
     64    Pete      well, do it now, while she's drunk on attention. Or in an hour, when she's just drunk.
     65    Pete      In his defense, it was Pope Innocent the Fourth. Because he increased taxation in the Papal States. well, where are your solutions, Liz Lemon? You know, this whole thing is your fault.
     66    Pete      So we're agreed. Assuming nothing goes wrong in the next eight hours, Jayden Michael Tyler will be the next T.G.S. cast member.
     67    Pete      What do you mean, Dotcom is auditioning? How dumb are you? Is there anything in there?
     68    Pete      That must have been hard. Oh, no, my kid is sick.
     69    Pete      Oh, my kid got hit by a car!
     70    Pete      No, that would never work. lf l told my wife in college, ''Hey, l'm gonna lose all this beautiful hair and fart in my sleep for the next 20 years,'' she never would have married me. Love is like an onion, and you peel away layer after stinky layer until you're just. . . weeping over the sink.
     71    Pete      You stayed?!
     72    Pete      Oh my god, there you are! We're losing sponsers, Liz. Did you know that Snuggles, the fabric softner bear is gay?
     1     Liz  We’re all getting hot dogs! What, do you think there's two lines and we're all in this line and you're the only genius that got in the other line? You believe this guy? ... Don't line up behind him, he cheated you.
     2     Liz  Well it’s not HBO, it’s tv. And I don't think that it's a good fit.
     3     Liz  No, you’re not listening. You’re not a good listener.
     4     Liz  Boy! We as a group, might not smell great.
     5     Liz  Cerie, seriously. take that off. And, you, stop encouraging her. You're an enabler. You need to dress like you have a job. And parents who raised you in some kind of shame based American religious tradition. Here.
     6     Liz  I don't skateboard.
     7     Liz  Ok. Here’s your pep talk. You’re not an actor, you’re Jack Donaghy, all right, So quit whining and nut up! You’re right. If you can’t do this you are a failure. Josh can do this, and earlier today he ate a club sandwich with the toothpick still in it. Jenna can do this. And she was once engaged to David Blaine. Any dum-dum can act, Jack, so be a man and get it done.
     8     Liz  Okay, very funny. You bought a pager from Dennis. Will you take it off now, please?
     9     Liz  Nuh-uh. Wayne Brady has three Emmys. You have a People’s Choice Award that you stole from Wayne Brady.
     10    Liz  That’s why you called me up here? Ok. Um. Good evening. It’s great to be here at the beautiful Waldorf Astoria. I haven’t seen this many white people in tuxedos since the Titanic.
     11    Liz  Tray, can I come in
     12    Liz  Ok. I got it, I got it, I got it. What's the difference between yo' mama and washing machine? When I drop a load in the washing machine, it doesn't follow me around for a week.
     13    Liz  You want me to think of something funny you can write in a card?
     14    Liz  I don't know Jack, would I have to wear high heel shoes?
     15    Liz  Ok fine. I'll do it. But I'm not gonna like it.
     16    Liz  That was surprising.
     17    Liz  Oh. That's better. Uh, no. He's a real European prince. Gerhardt Hapsburg?
     18    Liz  You showed the security guy your boobs, didn't you?
     19    Liz  Austria.
     20    Liz  Wow. Who's Snow White now?
     21    Liz  Thanks.
     22    Liz  It was part of the big brother little sister program.
     23    Liz  And unlike the rest of Jack's girlfriends, I have all my original parts.
     24    Liz  Mmm, yeah. I'm a keeper. So now it's a date? I thought I could never be you date, Jack. I thought no one would ever believe it because I'm so grotesque.
     25    Liz  If you're looking to sneak out the window, it doesn't open. I already tried it.
     26    Liz  Wait you're actually considering this?
     27    Liz  You've already made up your mind about this, haven't you?
     28    Liz  You're not even listening, are you? Poop. Monkey butt.
     29    Liz  Hey, are you gonna come sit down? Cause they put out lobster tails, and I want to eat yours.
     30    Liz  Standing up? What? How does that even work?
     31    Liz  Yeah.
     32    Liz  Yeah, come on. It's a fast song.
     33    Liz  I think it is the most beautiful language in the world.
     34    Liz  Fine. You don't believe me? I'm gonna go over there. I'm gonna tell her that you just proposed to me. And you watch her. Watch how red her face gets.
     35    Liz  Hi. Bianca, I have to tell you, Jack and I are engaged.
     36    Liz  No. Please, come in.
     37    Liz  It was pretty good.
     38    Liz  That a boy. That's the Jack Donaghy I know.
     39    Liz  Jack, wait. Oh my god. I thought you were....
     40    Liz  Get out of here so i can take my shoes off.
     41    Liz  Gross.
     42    Liz  (Flashback) Hey, Look, everybody. Sherlock Homo is here to solve the case of the gay sweater.
     43    Liz  You can stay. But if you ever, if any of you ever call me that horrible word again, I will fire you! And you will never alter drapes in Atlanta again, because you do not cross a Sugarbaker woman! I'm so tired. I'm so tired, you guys.
     44    Liz  Wow. You do have a talent.
     45    Liz  Yeah, I think they're from the firm of date rape, cokington, cheeseball, and Jag.
     46    Liz  No, no.
     47    Liz  Good. Did you know that if you're a pilot, that Chilis will seat you right away even if the pilot's dinner companion has just been yelling at the hostess?
     48    Liz  She's your pube shirt.
     49    Liz  Disgusting, sir! Would you talk like that to your mother? Or your daughter? Or your surgeon? Just because my friend is blonde and never closes her mouth fully --
     50    Liz  Yeah! I'll go down there, turn on the new Liz Lemon charm, a little Julia Roberts laugh. [weird forced laugh]
     51    Liz  Weak!
     52    Liz  My face cream was recalled. Apparently it was destroying the lab rats'... uh... oh, what is that word... brains!
     53    Liz  I will KILL YOU!
     54    Liz  My memory has Seinfeld money.
     55    Liz  Yeah, Chai Boy, get in here. You'll never be.. a millin-aire! Ah ha ha, ha ha ha. Slumdog Millionaire ref. Blammo!
     56    Liz  Really? You wanna play this game with a comedy writer? [squirts Jonathan in the face with his water bottle]
     57    Liz  Oh my God. Well so I'm glad to see you back. Oh you know, I wanted to let you know there's probably going to be some kind of a party later cuz it's my birthday.
     58    Liz  Yes, Happy Days is a.. is a great show, but but well anyway there might be a mess, and I.. are we understanding each other?
     59    Liz  No, no. No you don't, you don't have have to clean me, I'm just saying you may have to clean up after a surprise party later cuz it's my birthday and it's a big one. Blahhh!
     60    Liz  Blahh!
     61    Liz  Okay. Good talk, Yadwiga.
     62    Liz  And that is why you are so amazing!
     63    Liz  Look, Jack I'm not trying to make you feel guilty, I mean, I know who I am. I know I'm not the funnest person in the group. I'm not the one you call when you want to go clubbing on the town and party-dance all night.
     64    Liz  Yeah well my face cream was recalled. Apparently it was destroying the lab rats'... uh... uh... what is that word? brains!
     65    Liz  Because my memory has Seinfeld money.
     66    Liz  Yeah, and hurry up, Aladdin. Before Jasmine is forced marry Jafar! [laughs] Similarities... Lemon out!
     67    Liz  I freaked out and my junk closed for business. It's like Fort Knox down there.
     68    Liz  I was nine years old. I was rollerskating in the house, which was absolutely forbidden. I was skating down the hallway, on top of the world, with my new skates and my new haircut, which everybody thought was a Dorothy Hamill, but was actually a Pete Rose. Anyway, I needed to go to the bathroom, but the door was locked. My recently divorced aunt had moved in with us and I was sharing a bathroom with her. To be prepared I tried to take my underpants off over my roller skates. I slipped, and as I fell I pulled down this poster of the singer Tom Jones that my aunt had put up. My mom heard the noise and ran and found me... squirming under the Tom Jones poster with my... underpants around my ankles. It didn't look good, Jack. She thought I did it on purpose. And she didn't say a word. She just went in my room and took all my posters. Grizzly Adams, Larry Wilcox, Han Solo, Tug McGraw, Mike Schmidt, Kermit, Gunther Gebel-Williams... She took all the people away, Jack! Sex makes the people go away!
     69    Liz  [flashback 3] ...and one time at summer camp I kissed a girl on a dare, but then she drowned.
     70    Liz  Not really. I was going to take this class called "Cooking For One," but the teacher killed himself.
     71    Liz  Oh. Okay. Great! Fine. I'll solve my own problems. [tries to open door] [finally gets it] Blammo. Solved it.
     72    Liz  Well when you put it like that, with the mean voice and all...
     73    Liz  [gasps] Albino ninja!
     74    Liz  Work husband slash uncle.
     75    Liz  [shows Jack her leg]
     76    Liz  Joanne. Okay. Well I look forward to visiting her and her wife... on their farm.
     77    Liz  Jacqueline? Like named after you, like a little Jack but with boobs?
     78    Liz  [glasses crooked] Hi! I'm Daphne Donaghy! I saw a turtle!
     79    Liz  Kylie. Great. She can strip her way through community college. C'mon.
     80    Liz  Uh huh. So you're putting one more nut job -- yeah, I said it -- one MORE -- I'm political -- in Washington so you can advance your career? What is going on today? Has everyone lost their moral compass?
     81    Liz  Technically I am a freelancer, which is pretty much a modern day cowboy. And I live like a cowboy by buying quality, locally-made jeans. Also by eating beans out of a can. Due to impatience. You're on your own here, partner. But hey, it's not all bad. Because you get to watch me walk away. [walks away]
     82    Liz  What is this, Jabba's pleasure skiff?
     83    Liz  Oh, you stay there. You stay there until you die.
     84    Liz  Also, the next time I see someone throwing a football in here, there will be fines. And... if I see that filthy dog again, I will put it down. I will put it down with a smile.
     85    Liz  When I didn't get it my dad blamed Santa Claus. Well, Santa made an enemy that day. The next year when he returned to the Schuylkill Galleria, so did vengeance.
     86    Liz  [flashback] [Young Liz] What does it matter? You didn't bring me what I asked for last year you fat fraud. You're a bigger disappointment than our current president, Jimmy Carter.
     87    Liz  I have this recurring dream... Actually is it recurring if you wake yourself up with a [snorts] and then return to it? Anyway, in the dream I'm a baby but my parents left me on the top of the car by accident...
     88    Liz  I think it has to do with my issues with sex.
     89    Liz  Well.... kind of?
     90    Liz  [in bad Japanese accent] Damn you, Godzilla! [pronounced god-zihr-ra]
     91    Liz  I mean, what did Colleen say when you knew about your real dad. [gasps] You never told her about Milton, either! I am the Mental-Liz!
     92    Liz  I'm not Rick! [watches a transvestite that looks uncannily like her skate away]
     93    Liz  You know what I learned tonight? As hard as you try, no one can escape the horror of Christmas, so it might as well be with your own family. I'm going to go get a bus to White Haven now, and I should be home just in time for Aunt Linda to try to prove that she's sober by holding someone's baby while cooking.
     94    Liz  So I'm gonna to marry... Yafet. And we're going to live in... Nineva. And I'm going to be a.... prostitute. Okay, what else? What else?
     95    Liz  You know there isn't.
     96    Liz  If I have to sit through that alone, I will rent a car, set it on fire, and drive it off a waterfall.
     97    Liz  Okay, friend, here's the deal. My name is Liz. I almost got 1200 on my S.A.T.s. And I need a date for this wedding. And I like your head shape.
     98    Liz  Is that a fraternity?
     99    Liz  There it is.
     100   Liz  And now a reading from Corinthians. ''Love is patient. Love is kind. It is not jealous. It is not pompous. It does not envy. It does not boast. It is not proud. It is not rude.''
     101   Liz  Budget approval for travel and hotels for the moms.
     102   Liz  The staff moms that are going to be on the Mother's Day show that N.B.C. is making us do after their ill-fated decision to reair the pilot of Bitch Hunter.
     103   Liz  It's on. When Paul leaves, we follow him. C.I.A. style. And afterwards, I go to the gym. Words are the first step on the road to deeds.
     104   Liz  All right, Grizz. I'm going to speak frankly to you now. And I can do that because of our sexual past.
     105   Liz  Well, one of my New Year's resolutions is to say "yes." Yes to love, yes to life, yes to staying in more!
     106   Liz  [pokes her head back in, gasping] Yes please!
     107   Liz  [on TV with title "Elizabeth Lemon-Donaghy, Generous Donation to NY Public Schools"] [bad Boston accent] My husband and I are absolutely so pleased to be underwriting the Jack and Elizabeth Donaghy High School for Teen Drama, the Arts, and Feelings!
     108   Liz  As embarrassed Americans, Jack and I pledge five million dollars to create a new generation of choreographers and puppeteers, clowns, video artists, and theatrical jugglers who will ask the world "What is art?"
     109   Liz  It's my imitation of Drew Barrymore's impression of that crazy lady.
     110   Liz  Oh, nerds!
     111   Liz  Well, I'm glad you're taking it seriously. Although sometimes, when you try so hard to find love, you can't see that it's been standing in front of you the whole time.
     112   Liz  Oh, God. It looks like the underside of an octopus.
     113   Liz  You're going to juggle them? No, even you can't pull this off, Jack. Mrs. Doubtfire ''shimself'' could not do this. You are going to blow it. And you're going to end up alone, and you're going to have to go to singles dodgeball. Put on these rec specs. This is your future.
     114   Liz  Because your salary does not come out of our budget. Look, Toof, you provide a point of view that is essential to keeping the diversity guy from bothering us.
     115   Liz  Ew, were you with both of them on one night? You are officially a John Mayer-style garbage...
     116   Liz  No, it's okay. I don't want to hurt you. But I'll tell you what I do want. I want someone who will be monogamous and nice to his mother. And I want someone who likes musicals, but knows to just shut his mouth when I'm watching Lost. And I want someone who thinks being really into cars is lame and strip clubs are gross. I want someone who will actually empty the dishwasher instead of just taking out forks as needed, like I do. I want someone with clean hands and feet and beefy forearms like a damn Disney prince. And I want him to genuinely like me, even when I'm old. And that's what I want.
     117   Liz  Well, I met him on K-Date, which is the personals section of the Kraft Foods website.
     118   Liz  It's like, on T.V., it used to be you couldn't say ''crap''. Then, they let that slide, an now we can say whatever we want. Douchebag, asswipe...
     119   Liz  Exactly. So I'm simply going to ask Floyd as a friend and former intercourse companion to do me the favor of not getting married right outside my window. I'm going to meet him tomorrow night at McShanley's for dinner.
     120   Liz  Look, I want you to be happy. And obviously, you have a life to live. But your getting married is a big deal to me. So please, don't do it where I work. And don't drag my best friend, T.V., into it.
     121   Liz  Here in New York? Wow. Let's just order.
     122   Liz  Yeah, I did too. I thought the only thing keeping us apart was that you wanted to live in Cleveland. But you'll move to New York for Kaitlin.
     123   Liz  Tracy, we've been playing this game for five years now. When is it even going to stop?
     124   Liz  Tracy, I need you to do something.
     125   Liz  You know, some people actually craft stories, and when the story doesn't have an ending you don't just create one out of thin air by playing music or having people give each other meaningful looks. [music swells] Sure, that might manipulate an audience into THINKING they're feeling something, but it sucks.
     126   Liz  [spins and locks eyes with Jack]
     127   Liz  Stop it. Just embrace the fact that you are lucky enough to be a happily married man. I mean, I'm actually jealous of you. You've got stability, a great marriage, devoted kids. You know what I have? A Sims family that keeps getting murdered. So quit whining and be grateful.
     128   Liz  This is Nurse Jamakaiah from Dr. Kaplan's office. So here's da ting. You need to come in today so the doctor can check dem teeth, mon.
     129   Liz  Yeah, well, I hear something else. It's the Hug Plane coming in for a landing?
     130   Liz  Yeah. Some dude jacked me and now his sperm is growing in my stomach.
     131   Liz  I am life! Revel in the glory of motherhood! Gaia flows through me! Rufus T. Barleysheath is kicking!
     132   Liz  Look at us being all adulty. I packed underwear [whispers] that isn't gray! Isn't it nice dating someone you have so much in common with? Like you, Avery is a type-A nut job.
     133   Liz  Well, that would only be a problem if I had any flaws.
     134   Liz  I'd rather die on this plane.
     135   Liz  [pulls old man in front of her] You'll have to go through this old bastard first!
     136   Liz  Because I'm giving up, Jenna. I did the math. How many times does a woman meet Mr. Right? I've had three chances: Floyd, then Carol, and I was once in an elevator with Tom Brokaw. And I blew all three. Opportunities! So I am making my graceful transition into spinsterhood. I have adopted this cat, named her Emily Dickinson. [writers groan] Named her Emily Dickinson!
     137   Liz  Special agent Jethro Gibbs.
     138   Liz  What's the point, Jack? I'm done. I took the money I was saving for my honeymoon and I bought a cemetery plot. I also joined a book club at the senior's center near my home. We're reading Murder on the Orient Express.
     139   Liz  But aren't NBC and Kabletown the same company now? That seems like a pretty big conflict of interest. Why would the government even allow that merger?
     140   Liz  There's nothing to take care of, Jack. Watch this. I can fit Emily Dickinson's whole head in my mouth.
     141   Liz  I like my tampons to be cold! I'll be downstairs. [leaves]
     142   Liz  Wow, Jack, I could never pretend to hate my beautiful baby daughter Emily Dickinson the cat.
     143   Liz  Really? Cuz I've never had a problem ordering from American Sub Restaurant Very Clean Come In.
     144   Liz  Don't worry, I'll find something to hate. Oh, okay, here we go, this sucks. [picks up menu] This place is called Canal Yards Project? What does that mean?
     145   Liz  Nope. Hipster nonsense, I'm out.
     146   Liz  How about this for ID? I participated in Hands Across America. [searches wallet] Nerds, where is it? Okay. My license is missing which is my cue to go home.
     147   Liz  Oh the color is actually called "Grandfather's Shoe."
     148   Liz  That's my drink! I keep a thermos of it by my toilet! You misheard me.
     149   Liz  Seriously! Why can't droid go into the cantina? I mean, Ponda Baba can try to shoot Luke-
     150   Liz  Ugh, Julia Roberts in a movie about eating? Give me Kirstie Alley, somebody who knows what she's doing.
     151   Liz  Last night a repulsive act occurred at a hotel in mid-town. There are two possible explanations as to how this... event came to be. A simple one and a complex one. The simple explanation is that I went to a discotheque and a handsome, interesting man fell for me. In the wake of my breakup I allowed myself to have an experience that gave me reason to be hopeful about the future again. Very simple.
     152   Liz  Please, monsieur! There remains, of course, the complex explanation. A vast conspiracy involving multiple agents and precise coordinated efforts. A conspiracy that begins with the timely food poisoning of Donna Straunk. And who here has access to Donna's food.
     153   Liz  Happy Valentine's Day, no one.
     154   Liz  Learn from my sexual misadventures, Evelyn. Last Valentine's Day, I watched my boyfriend, Drew's, mother/grandmother die. I met Floyd on Valentine's Day, but he left me for the city of Cleveland. And forget about Dennis. That pervert would always just try to get me drunk.
     155   Liz  No, I'll buy some cookies. But not for Valentine's Day. Instead, these cookies celebrate the February 14th birthday of Anna Howard Shaw, famed American suffragette. Happy Anna Howard Shaw Day to you, Evelyn.
     156   Liz  A Happy Anna Howard Shaw Day to us all!
     157   Liz  No, C.N.B.C. gives me a headache. I get all my money advice from P.B.S.
     158   Liz  It is not a lecture to simply point out to someone that the episode of Diff'rent Strokes about Dudley's dad has proven incontrovertibly that smoking destroys your health and leads to ridicule from Willis.
     159   Liz  I can sell this to Jack.
     160   Liz  That is an ironic re-appropriation. Kch. I don't know anymore. This started as a show for women, starring women. At the very least we should be elevating the way women are perceived in society. Augh my period! You're all fired! [falls to the floor]
     161   Liz  I want to roll my eyes right now but the doctor said if I keep doing it my ocular muscles might spasm and eject my eyeballs.
     162   Liz  You're wrong. I support women. I'm like a human bra. Which is why I want to hire a young comic named Abby Flynn to come on as a guest writer.
     163   Liz  Subhas, you are married! [waves him off] Okay this is exactly the kind of male douchebaggery that is about to take a real hit around here. Don't you know? I'm talkin' 'bout a femolution. Tracy Chapman. She's a woman, right?
     164   Liz  Mine are different sizes. These are the writers.
     165   Liz  Give me strength, oh Oprah.
     166   Liz  Word choice, Jack.
     167   Liz  No! You didn't! Lutz!? Is that even possible? I mean I was there when he Belvedere'd. God, Abby, you can't be that desperate for male attention.
     168   Liz  Look at me in the black light! It's Tron! Watch out, Sark, It's me, Flynn! Ar... Light bike.
     169   Liz  Why won't they put me on the Jumbotron? I've been doing cool stuff all game. Whoo!
     170   Liz  Oh, Pete, that's later. Maybe we'll be dead by then.
     171   Liz  Well, I don't know if you know this, Jack, but the workplace is a hierarchy. And I'm Danny's boss. Sometimes, all the pretty little things down here want to be with the people up here. And they come into your office late one night with some flimsy excuse.
     172   Liz  What can I say, Jack? I guess I'm getting a second wind here at the tail end of my ''dirty 30s''.
     173   Liz  I'd like you all to meet Tom. Tom Selleck. He's my moustache.
     174   Liz  What did you say you loved about me? Did you talk about my body? Did you say how you like to watch me dance? Yeah. You like that?
     175   Liz  I wrote that, I'm Liz Lemon! ''If your man is over 30 and still wears a nametag to work, that's a Dealbreaker.'' But not you, Mike. That's not you. Mike, leave my cutout alone. Oh, okay. Oh, God. Okay, you know, I'm going to do the same thing to your cutout. Oh, wait, you don't have one, because you're nobody! Ow! Blammo, another successful interaction with a man.
     176   Liz  Yeah, well, that's not going to work for me. Because Jenna is immune to whiskey and Tracy is afraid of juice.
     177   Liz  I like bands. Like... Amy Grant.
     178   Liz  Wow! If only Tracy were here he'd be like "Damn, woman, I want to make love to your neck!"
     179   Liz  Yeah. You're Amy Grant from the Baby Baby video. The one where the man likes her at the carnival.
     180   Liz  I can explain. I'm asleep right now and I think that that's my computer. Guh! Huh? Wha? Where am I?
     181   Liz  Let me talk. I am talking! Will you let me talk? Can I talk for once? You need to call Tracy right now, because I know he's your man but he is my man, too, and TGS is my family, and my family is thick as thieves. [dumps over a table] Now who here wants to teach me how to fight?
     182   Liz  Come on, Sue. You can't just leave me here with Toofer.
     183   Liz  I thought we understood that you are never to think that I understand anything!
     184   Liz  No! People of the sidewalk, we can't give up on the written word! We need stories! Because I don't have a plan B. I have a degree in Theatre Tech with a minor in Movement. Why did my parents let me do that?!
     185   Liz  You wanna party? It's five hundred for kissing, ten thousands for snuggling. End of list.
     186   Liz  Oh, we're going to have fun. We're going to stay here and make nachos and see who can fall asleep the earliest! Fun, fun, fun, fun!
     187   Liz  Yeah, that was super bitchy.
     188   Liz  Yeah, I did plays in high school too. I was John Proctor in ''The Crucible''.
     189   Liz  Liz Lemon's got her very own talk show.
     190   Liz  ♪ I'm a star I'm on top Somebody bring me some ham ♪
     191   Liz  I used to sing that when I was a kid.
     192   Liz  Bye, Astronaut Mike Dexter.
     193   Liz  Well, I really like your hair today.
     194   Liz  And I am not crazy. Because, unlike Jenna, my mother never used my beauty pageant winnings to buy her married boyfriend a motorcycle.
     195   Liz  Maybe we could ''undid'' these handcuffs.
     196   Liz  No, come back. Aw...
     197   Liz  Listen up, dummies. I'm going to be gone this week doing my talk show. So I need to leave someone responsible in charge. Now it's not about who I like the most or who's the funniest. So it's Toofer.
     198   Liz  No, nevermind. Lutz, you want it?
     199   Liz  Oh, okay. Too much pressure. Writers who never talk? Anybody want a promotion? Great, Frank, congratulations. You are the new boss.
     200   Liz  It's all happening! Hi.
     201   Liz  Oh, actually, I got three haircuts. The first two made me look nuts. Hey, do I say the word ''camera'' weird? ''Cam-er-rah''. ''Cam-er-rah''. ''Cam-er-rah''.
     202   Liz  I fully understand the irony of what I'm about to say. But I have locked myself in my dressing room, and I am not coming out.
     203   Liz  Don't even bother! I've been on the other side of that door, Jack. You can't outsmart me. I know all the tricks. It's like that movie, The Negotiator.
     204   Liz  I don't want to do this show anymore. Shut it down.
     205   Liz  Then I guess it's a standoff. And I want pizzas for all the hungry people in here!
     206   Liz  Hey, buddy. Your hair looks nice. Don't try those tricks on me!
     207   Liz  Okay, I know that it's been a hard day. I could have had it all. But you had to ruin it! With your thinking! Come on.
     208   Liz  ♪ You're a star You're on top Somebody bring you some ham ♪
     209   Liz  You should kill yourself.
     210   Liz  This is how I cry now. Ever since you made me get that off-brand eye surgery.
     211   Liz  I can't let you do that for me. Let him go.
     212   Liz  They don't know anything. Neither does anyone Tracy's close to. His wife, Charles Barkley, Edward James Almost, who is an Edward James Olmos lookalike who Tracy is friends with.
     213   Liz  We had him, Jack, and we lost him. So Kenneth and I had to spend the rest of the afternoon trying to think like Tracy. I ended up eating a swordfish dinner at a strip club and Kenneth grabbed a cop's gun and shot a blimp.
     214   Liz  Yes. There was some confusion and I ended up punching the real Levar Burton. I'm going to get Jeremy. I hope he's not still in heat. He has got my top off before.
     215   Liz  And I don't really think that it's fair for me to be on a jury because I'm a hologram.
     216   Liz  Did you also have to evacuate the NBC Store?
     217   Liz  All right, Cheesy Blasters! ♪ You take a hot dog. Stuff it with some jack cheese. Fold it in a pizza. You've got Cheesy Blasters ♪ And then, all the kids say, ''Thanks, Meat Cat!'' And then, Meat Cat flies away on his, um... skateboard.
     218   Liz  Uh, he's burning money again. what about Josh?
     219   Liz  The worst. I'm lying to everybody about something I don't even want to be doing. Pete and I keep accidentally touching knees under those little comedy club tables. what is a new cast member? Shut up, shut up, here it comes.
     220   Liz  Has anybody seen my wallet? It's an L.L. Bean child's wallet from the 1 970s. There's no money in it, but I was one hole-punch away from a free Tasti D-Lite. Damn it to hell! I hate my life!
     221   Liz  And who am I to say that my delicious Italian sub is better than its Stone Mountain equivalent? Which is why I will have the carp po' boy with extra chuckle.
     222   Liz  Oh, this carp sandwich is not agreeing with my world view.
     223   Liz  What is this? ''Peppy Bismilk''? Why is everything a little different here? I hate it!
     224   Liz  All God's children are terrible.
     225   Liz  To be fair, I did not think Kathy Geiss was going to finish her song by taking off her underpants.
     226   Liz  Well, I'm off. Have a good summer, Jenna.
     227   Liz  Oh my God. The season's over, why are you losers still here?
     228   Liz  Desastre inminente.
     229   Liz  No, your honor, I'm not disputing the fine. I'm refusing to pay it. Grenade. Respawn!
     230   Liz  Well, I'm Liz, and obviously my philosophy is simple like a bean. I'm fixing problems in my personal life the same way I fix problems at work. I saved the show, now I'm going to save me. Because Lizbeanism mean that I am a dyke... against the rising waters of mediocrity.
     231   Liz  [singing montage] Sometimes we use a song to move a story along and explain it to you. Woo! Cuz Liz is taking charge, she's in control of everything she do. In her personal life, hey hey nah nah, in her personal life. Here comes the story obstacle now...
     232   Liz  You know what, Mr. Bag? I WILL have a nice day! I'm going to hang you in your kitchen and fill you with other bags. You will eat your family!
     233   Liz  I did it, Jack. I got the bag. You were right. No matter how much the gate is strait, or who punishes the scrolls, I am the captain of my holes! Or whatever. We are in control!
     234   Liz  What? Dealbreaker: The Book for You Man No Good. ''By Lesbian Yellow-Sour-Fruit.''
     235   Liz  We don't know anything about him. I don't think his real name is Partybot. I don't know what he looks like. I don't know what he talks like. I certainly don't know if he can act.
     236   Liz  I do, I bought an Activia microwaveable panini.
     237   Liz  That's what you use the jars for? You told me that was sun tea.
     238   Liz  IT!!!!!!!! Oh, I'm sorry, is it too much drama? You remind me of my father and my boyfriend! Ugh, are you listening to me? Because if you're not, I will put on a wedding dress and jump in front of a subway!
     239   Liz  My mini-fridge? What about my fresh fruit... flavored toaster cheesecakes?
     240   Liz  As I have told you many times during our relationship, no one gets that reference.
     241   Liz  A gay, hipster cop. You're an interesting guy, Brian.
     242   Liz  Don't talk to me like that. You look like a turtle who lost his shell.
     243   Liz  l don't think that's what this is. Floyd is pretty great. Look, in Cleveland, l'm a model.
     244   Liz  I'm a nice person because I'm a happy person; my happiness makes me nice. Also, maybe I'm in a good mood because I'm not being weighed down by redundant torso fabric.
     245   Liz  What's this? It's Terry! The gender-neutral doll I had when I was a kid and he/she has his/her baseball glove and baby ... and both sets of genitals!
     246   Liz  Well, maybe now you know how gay people felt when you suggested that they sit around all day, looking at their junk.
     247   Liz  Wazzup? Yeah baby! I'm here today to apologize for my earlier comments. I used an offensive term to describe a group of people who made America the great .... continent that it is today. These kickass people have given the world countless, bodacious things like the birther movement, intelligent design, water parks--no, I will not endorse water parks, they are a cesspool of disease and people boo you when you walk back down the stairs. You know what you people have given the world? Girls Gone Wild, the Golden Globes, cans that tell you how cold beer is, Florida, Bratz dolls.
     248   Liz  This meeting is over. When you have a serious offer, email me at tatortotfreak@hotmail.com. From now on, you can deal with me directly. Simon, you're fired.
     249   Liz  That leaves us only one option: we--as a couple--are going to IKEA.
     250   Liz  I don't know, Jack. You can try to change New York, but it's like Jay-z says, "Concrete bunghole where dreams are made up. There's nothing you can do."
     1     Jack      I like you. You have the boldness of a much younger woman.
     2     Jack      I cast that cat myself.
     3     Jack      Oh sure, then we can sit around and braid each others hair until we get our periods at the same time. Lemon, you're a supervisor. These people are not your friends.
     4     Jack      Yeah, I think we did.
     5     Jack      What are you talking about? Everyone loved your little Lemon party. Nothing brings a team together like a harrowing experience. You pulled it off.
     6     Jack      Well, then you best go home and put on your daddy's shoes, boy. This is a man’s game.
     7     Jack      Will you, little Kenneth Ellen Parcell From Stone Mountain, Georgia. Growing up in your mama’s tract house. Dreaming of working on a TV show. Dreaming of making all the way to the NBC?
     8     Jack      You've come a long way, haven't you, Kenneth Ellen, with your cheap loafers and your page jacket? But You’ll always be a pig farmer's son, boy, cause I smell fried baloney all over you.
     9     Jack      The Italians have a saying, Lemon. “Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer.” And though they’ve never won a war, or mass produced a decent car, in this area, they are correct. In five years we will all be either working for him, or dead by his hand.
     10    Jack      If you don’t mind, I think we all really laughed at Fart Nuggets so can we just move on, please
     11    Jack      So I was doing some research on comedy. And I came across the cartoon strip Dilbert. It was quite good. And I was wondering if we can do that.
     12    Jack      Well if you insist on going all Murphy Brown on me, let me give you a tip. Don't smother your child with affection to compensate for not having a man in your life. Don't say you're the only man I'll ever love, even babies know that's creepy.
     13    Jack      Hello. For over 100 years, G.E. has been imagining the future today. And I'm here to talk to you today about a wonderful new synergy. It's called product integration. It's revolutionizing the way we monetize broadcast television. How does it work? Simple. All you have to do as the writing staff of an NBC show is incorporate positive mentions, or "pos-mens," of G.E. products into your program. For example, you could write an episode where one of your characters purchases and is satisfied with... one of G.E.'s direct-current drilling motors for an offshore or land based project. Product integration -- setting a new standard in upward revenue-stream dynamics... for all of us.
     14    Jack      Your turkey sub, your clothes, the fact that a women of your resources and position lives like some boxcar hobo, or maybe it’s the fact that while I’m saying all this, you have a piece of lettuce stuck in your hair. This is the unlisted number of Stone, the most exclusive restaurant in the city, currently. I think it’s time that you start enjoying some of the finer things in life.
     15    Jack      The Beeper King. Really?
     16    Jack      That’s a sharp tie you’ve got there Dennis.
     17    Jack      Does he know you’re the Beeper King?
     18    Jack      Oh, I can’t. I’m expecting a call from 1983.
     19    Jack      No, You’re on a plane to Boston tomorrow, Tray, we have a laboratory they're experimenting in tattoo removal. It promises to be one of our biggest profit centers once today’s generation finally sobers up.
     20    Jack      It’s after six. What am I, a farmer?
     21    Jack      No. I want you to come with me.
     22    Jack      Prince Gerhardt is the last male descendant of the imperial house of Hapsburg. They ruled the Austro-Hungarian Empire, The Defenestration of Prague. Uh, Lemon, what exactly did you study in college?
     23    Jack      Yes. This will be good for you. You finally got Dennis out of your life. You're even wearing lipstick.
     24    Jack      I'll have the wardrobe department pull a dress for you. I just thought maybe you'd like to spend some time with a, um..... different class of people.
     25    Jack      That's what your mom said to me last night! Booyah!
     26    Jack      Yes of course. Uh, This is my live-in girlfriend, Lemon.
     27    Jack      Elizabeth...Lemon.
     28    Jack      Beyonce.
     29    Jack      You're kidding, right?
     30    Jack      You speak German?
     31    Jack      Is Jenna with Gerhardt?
     32    Jack      What do you know.
     33    Jack      When Gerhardt was born, the doctor told his mother and cousin that he would either live for 15 minutes or 100 years. Boy, he proved them all wrong.
     34    Jack      The look on Bianca's face just before she choked you. That was the most satisfying thing.
     35    Jack      Oh, Just to know she's filled with bile over me warms my heart.
     36    Jack      What are these, your, uh, bike shorts?
     37    Jack      Lemon, I want to thank you, for showing me that I could have a pleasant evening with a woman my own age.
     38    Jack      Oh, good lord, Lemon, let it go. That's never going to happen. I've been with beauty queens...
     39    Jack      ....Pilates instructors, acrobats.
     40    Jack      Lemon, I would like to teach you something. I would like to be Michelle Pfeiffer to your angry black kid who learns that poetry … is just another way to rap.
     41    Jack      Why are you crying -- Did the Liberty lose again?
     42    Jack      Let’s just say she’s a high ranking African American member of the Bush Administration.
     43    Jack      I saw it Lemon. My whole life passing before my eyes. Neil Patterson pitching me the rotating microwave tray. Me personally coining the phrase "what's the upside." Participating in hands across America. And all the time I've been on this earth I have only one regret: I should have worked more.
     44    Jack      Maybe this is the drugs talking, but I think I got Nixon to agree to come on the show and say sock it to me.
     45    Jack      You're the only person I know who wouldn't hesitate to pull the plug. So when are you going to Cleveland?
     46    Jack      Welcome to adulthood. As for me I have successfully retreated for another day. When Avery got home from work I noticed that she had some paint samples in her purse, so I immediately asked her if her sister had done anything crazy lately and guess what -- she had. Avery talked about that for an hour, her anger eventually transforming into some rather... interesting sex and now she's sleeping peacefully, while Fabius has retreated to his den where he is drinking scotch and playing Snood.
     47    Jack      [to a video camera] Son, I may not be there for your wedding. It breaks my heart to realize that. But I want to offer you one piece of fatherly advice: do not hire Sting to play the reception. He'll insist on doing jazz versions of Police songs, and it's just... demoralizing.
     48    Jack      l've already sold $20 million worth of ad time for ''Seinfeld-Vision,'' and now Jerry wants to pull the plug. But l don't care, because l thrive in crisis mode. lt's when l'm really at my best. And the fact that l do not have one idea how to solve this only energizes me more. l've been brainstorming all night. Here we go. Number one -- Kill Seinfeld. Number two -- Kill Seinfeld, then kill myself. Number three -- Kill Seinfeld, flee to Svenborgia, then kill myself.
     49    Jack      Winona Rider in a hundred years.
     50    Jack      The only thing I will be discussing with the House Subcommittee on Baseball, Quiz Shows, Terrorism, and Media is vertical integration.
     51    Jack      And so do I. If you just give me a chance instead of ambushing me in front of the Congress and my own employees! You think I don't take diversity seriously? Only a fool doesn't. Diversity is the engine that drives this country. We are an immigrant nation! The first generation works their fingers to the bone making things, the next generation goes to college and innovates new ideas, the third generation... snowboards and takes improv classes. We always need people who are pulling themselves up by their bootstraps. I did it. And it's my job to help others do it, too.
     52    Jack      Good God, I can see every line and pore in your face. It looks like a YMCA climbing wall.
     53    Jack      Why are you better looking in your memory?
     54    Jack      Well, don't worry. For me, drinking has always been about the ritual, so I just have to replace the ritual. And, uh, Avery got me this nice tea set, some knitting needles and yarn, and a book on, uh, slight-of-hand magic. [takes out a little red ball and sings] Dah duh dah dah duh dah dah duh duh, dah duh dah dah duh dah duh dah, dah dah dun duh dun duh --
     55    Jack      Oh, you can't do that. The Capital One Venture Card is amazing! They give double miles every day for every purchase.
     56    Jack      Listen, Greg, I've got the next big reality show: we put a bunch of people on a plane, fly them over the Atlantic, then Tom Bergeron comes out and reveals... that the pilot is a six year old boy. We call it "Child Hell Flight."
     57    Jack      No. But she respects it when it's done correctly. Lemon, you may be witnessing history here. Making it through a full twenty four hours without a single misstep is called "Reaganing." The only other people who've ever done it: Lee Iacocca, Jack Welch, and -- no judement -- Saddam Hussein. So, what have you got for me?
     58    Jack      That does happen to men. I've faced it myself, with Greta Van Susteren BEFORE her head transplant. You know, why don't I call Carol--
     59    Jack      That would be a mistake, Lemon. Yes, you are the sexual equivalent of a million Hindenburgs, but you deserve someone like Carol in your life, and he deserves you becuase -- and I'm only going to say this once a decade -- you're great. You're Liz Lemon, dammit. In certain lights you're an "eight," using East Coast Over Thirty-Five standards, excluding Miami.
     60    Jack      You go in there, you grab Carol, you take him into one of those unisex family bathrooms, pull down that diaper changing thing... and go to town on him.
     61    Jack      I appreciate that, Lemon, but if you ever speak ill of Reagan again, I will smack those teeth straight.
     62    Jack      [flashback 7] I'm sorry. I was going to say climax.
     63    Jack      Lemon went to middle school with a Charlotte who used to rub herself against a tree during recess.
     64    Jack      No. She's more than that. I don't choose my mentees lightly. They have to have the drive and ambition to be worth my time. The intelligence to understand the challenges they're going to face. The humility to accept my help. And finally, a life that is a bottomless swamp of chaos. Drive, intelligence, humility, chaos, or the acryonym DIHC. I'm looking for DIHC, Avery, and I'm going to take it wherever I can find it.
     65    Jack      Co-worker slash little brother.
     66    Jack      It's a symbiotic relationship. I'm a mighty great white shark, Lemon, and you are a remora, clinging to me with your suction cup head. I give you a free ride and in exchange you, uh... eat my parasites.
     67    Jack      I'm Trisha's boyfriend, you scumbag. She told me what happened with youze last night. Now I'm gonna come and find you and I'm gonna kick your ass so hard you're going to be throwing up my toenails.
     68    Jack      Oh, now you're telling me my Tricia's not good enough for you? SHE'S AN ANGEL! I tell ya what, I'm getting my brothers and we're comin over there, and we're gonna kick your ass so --
     69    Jack      How DARE you hang up on me. I'm a corrupt cop, my brother's a corrupt fireman. He's gonna SET YOU ON FIRE and I'm not going to investigate it.
     70    Jack      Why not? Tricia told me you have a forty year old daughter. What's wrong with her?
     71    Jack      Yeah.
     72    Jack      Good God! Lemon, those jeans make you look like a Mexican sports reporter!
     73    Jack      You're being awful high and mighty for someone who once claimed her husband DROWNED so she could get out of a gym contract. The whole Kabletown deal is resting on this and Austin is pro-business.
     74    Jack      [gasps] Lesbian Mario Brothers!
     75    Jack      Letting morality get in the way of making money. I might as well go and... [whispers] be a teacher.
     76    Jack      Thank you. But yes, I've had to work my entire life. It began when my father left and I started working on the Boston docks as a twelve year old stevedore. "Bales up, you micks! Bales up!"
     77    Jack      Oh Lemon, please. Money can't buy happiness. It IS happiness.
     78    Jack      I. Wish. I. Was. More. Of. A. Free. Spirit. Like. You. Now. Freestyle. Rap. For. Me.
     79    Jack      No. I believe that when you have a problem you talk it over with your priest or your tailor or the mute elevator porter at your men's club. Then you take that problem and crush it with your mind-vice. But for lesser being like curly-haired men and people who need glasses, therapy can help. And Lemon, I want you to get better. Because, and I mean this, I'm tired of talking this much to a woman I'm not having sex with.
     80    Jack      He can't handle that. Look at his head shape. He has no brainpan!
     81    Jack      A parent is the one person who is supposed to make their kid think they can do anything. Says they're beautiful even when they're ugly. Thinks they're smart even when they go to Arizona State. Let the rest of the world tear your kid down. Your job is to support him no matter what. Tracy believes in you, Donald. Go and make him proud.
     82    Jack      Colleen did not see it as a blessing. She saw it as an embarrassment because my girlfriend Avery and I are not married.
     83    Jack      Mother, you must remember Milton Greene? My father and your... shameful sex secret!
     84    Jack      I know it's possible. But at some point, you have to choose, Paul. You can't delude yourself with thoughts like, ''Maybe they'd be into a group marriage,'' or ''What if I could somehow combine them into one perfect woman, like a s'more you could take a shower with?''
     85    Jack      A smug, 40-year-old bridesmaid. What a treat for everyone. Yes, Lemon, I am with Nancy now.
     86    Jack      That's absurd, Lemon. The world is made by those who control their own destiny. It isn't made by those who don't do, it's made by those who do do. Which is what made me the man I am. I do do.
     87    Jack      And she always wears high heels, because, according to her, flat shoes are for quitters.
     88    Jack      No, I want this. Sure, I thought it would happen later in life and that you would be Anne Hathaway's granddaughter, but I've always wanted this. But maybe it's too hard. The career, motherhood...
     89    Jack      That's great. ''You know what? Sometimes, I think...'' That's really annoying. I'm going to use that. You're the best.
     90    Jack      Very different, indeed. Like a cantaloupe... and a Ziploc bag of mushroom soup.
     91    Jack      I know it's gay. But it's my gay problem. And I'm handling it.
     92    Jack      Oh, my. I haven't seen your brow that furrowed since you saw that picture of Helen Mirren in a bikini.
     93    Jack      I was saying, ''Oh, Nana.'' Have I not told you about my grandmother fetish?
     94    Jack      Avery actually tried to get on board. Later that night, she put some mothballs behind her ears and fed me peppermints.
     95    Jack      Like in Top Gun.
     96    Jack      Is that supposed to be a broom? Anchor the handle. There it is.
     97    Jack      All right, Donaghy. Follow your heart. Hard Equations And Rational Thinking. Damn you, HEART.
     98    Jack      Okay, in my defense, every April 22nd I honor Richard Nixon's death by getting drunk and making some unpopular decisions.
     99    Jack      Subhas, thank you for coming in and for showing me your, uh, special book. More men in it than I would have expected.
     100   Jack      No, I am not. I am ''innoventing''. A word that I just ''innovented''.
     101   Jack      N.B.C. It's fresh.
     102   Jack      And I think we can both conclude that we finished Q-one with better than expected results. And I can promise that my performance will improve, especially if you're a little more flexible on your end.
     103   Jack      You look like a prison weed dealer.
     104   Jack      Well, I'm glad you're trying. But I wish you didn't have to. Lemon, are you wearing a cup?
     105   Jack      Lemon, I am successful romantically because I am confident, open, and positive. You are negative, pessimistic, and in danger of becoming permanently sour.
     106   Jack      Typical liberal media. That's why I get all my news from Dick Cheney's website, dickviews.com.
     107   Jack      I'm no stranger to the art of japery. At Princeton, I was in a secret society. I shouldn't tell you this, but one time, we snuck up to Dartmouth, put their mascot in a box, and sent it to Mexico City. We didn't know until the next day that it was an actual Indian. He didn't speak a word of English. Like all Dartmouth men.
     108   Jack      They're Boston Irish Catholic. They mate for life, like swans. Like drunk, angry swans.
     109   Jack      Reality TV. A woman with hundruplets, a live execution, the Real Transvestite Hoarders of Orange County Penitentiary.
     110   Jack      [applauds with Jonathan and crew] Fantastic, Jenna. You really brought the songwriting computer's words to life.
     111   Jack      Haven't we? Operation "Righteous Cowboy Lightning" is a go.
     112   Jack      It was reality TV. It can be good, it can be terrible, it just can't be anything in between.
     113   Jack      I'd like to welcome everyone to this N.B.C. Employee Town Hall Meeting and thank you for taking time out of your busy schedules.
     114   Jack      Before I take your questions, I'd like to say a few words about Don Geiss. The world has lost a giant. He built G.E. into the greatest company on Earth and the Earth into one of the top three planets in the universe. For those of you wishing to pay your respects, there will be an Episcopal cryogenic freezing service open to all Six Sigma black belts and higher.
     115   Jack      So, Dave, tell me all about KableTown. What's their business strategy? Revenue streams? Do they have a preferred side of the head for parting your hair? Because I've been Continental for years, but I'm willing to go Western.
     116   Jack      I'm going to bury Don Geiss, America and hope.
     117   Jack      Welcome all to the memorial service / freezing for Donald H. Geiss. You were the last of a dying breed, sir. I'll never forget the first thing he ever said to me. ''These are all hookers. Pick one.'' Then after we picked our hookers and the plane took off, he told me his business philosophy. There's always an untapped market. Don was the one who realized there was a whole segment of consumers not buying light bulbs. The asleep. That realization led him to develop the nightlight and the marketing campaign aimed at making children afraid of the dark. ''A monster under every bed.''
     118   Jack      Don said that no business is ever done evolving. That there are always opportunities for innovation. That you can always... You can always find new customers. I... I'm sorry. But I've just had an amazing business idea. You'll have to excuse me.
     119   Jack      Exactly. So what if women had a pay-per-view channel featuring handsome men patiently listening to them? What if they had... porn for women?
     120   Jack      Hear me out. Yes, I'm talking about doubling pay-per-view profits while cutting out the middle man. But I'm also talking about American businessmen doing what they were born to do. Make things. We've stopped making and become a country of consumers. Well, I, for one, am done consuming. And I'm ready to make.
     121   Jack      Distancing myself? That man is my mentor. He taught me how to command a room with my voice.
     122   Jack      You're going to Nags Head? Isn't that redundant?
     123   Jack      [opens envelope and reads letter] "You're going to Nags Head? Isn't that redundant?" [hands Liz an envelope]
     124   Jack      Avery and I are also having a little romantic weekend together. Before the baby comes we're going to Toronto for the G8 Economic Summit. It's going to be... very erotic.
     125   Jack      Have a nice trip, Lemon. Break out those underpants, but be careful: dating yourself is a double-edged sword. It means you also share the same flaws.
     126   Jack      Not only is your fly open, there's a pencil sticking out of it.
     127   Jack      Good God! She'll be Canadian.
     128   Jack      I called the concierge service with my Amex Invisible Card. There are no rental cars. The trains and buses are sold out.
     129   Jack      Look, Avery. You and I are cut from the same cloth. It's one of the reasons we work so well, and why we're unbeatable at a three-legged race.
     130   Jack      Avery, maybe it isn't the end of the world if our daughter is Canadian. Alexander Hamilton was born in the West Indies, and he went on to-
     131   Jack      Yes, my daughter is Canadian-American, but I'm going to treat her just like a human baby. We tried to get back home, Lemon, in a meth lab. Avery and I fed each other's craziness, but one of us was brave enough to step back-
     132   Jack      Avery, can you walk yet?
     133   Jack      Let's go find a Canadian who will take our money.
     134   Jack      It's complicated. These women run your household so you have to keep them happy which means not saying anything as your DVR fills up with Trinidadian soap operas. But as soon as I'm out of the woods, Lemon, I'll take care of this... latest... dysfunction.
     135   Jack      I'm not saying that what you do isn't important. Avery and I appreciate you and Liddy just adores you, but let's just say you're at the market buying potatoes, and that ten pound bag of potatoes costs... four hundred dollars. But then the... grocery concierge tells you that a five pound bag of potatoes costs four hundred dollars, well that would be shocking, right? Because a five pound bag should only cost two hundred dollars.
     136   Jack      Meanwhile I just got worked over by my Trinidadian night nurse. I made every mistake you can in a negotiation. I spoke first, I smiles, I negotiated with myself. If I had done that during a mock negotiation in business school, Professor Widmer would have spanked me in front of the whole class. Bare bottomed.
     137   Jack      Sherry! Excellent. I've been thinking about our conversation earlier. It occurs to me that you are laboring under a fatal misapprehension. You think you have leverage over me, but you don't. I don't care about the baby. I've only known her for a few weeks and other than a fondness for Avery's breasts, Liddy and I have nothing in common. She is one of two people ever to have thrown up on me and I haven't spoken to Joe Namath since that Mardi Gras. What's more, I don't think Liddy looks like me, so evolutionarily that makes me want to eat her. In other words, either you take a pay cut or go and look for another job. Who has the leverage now, Sherry? Your move.
     138   Jack      Every day we give you a hundred dollars for cab fare home. Do you realize what you're doing to me, Sherry? You're unravelling the very fabric of who I am. I negotiate for a living, and I never lose. And now I have to go negotiate with my colleagues at Kabletown after having been reamed by a woman wearing Winnie the Pooh hospital pants. I don't have what you have, Sherry. A brand new baby that they've poured time and money and love into. Some helpless, pathetic, useless thing that would die if left alo- Oh God, I do have that. I have NBC!
     139   Jack      Home run, Lemon. And speaking of baseball metaphors I see that someone got to first base which is what I consider sex with a stranger.
     140   Jack      [flashback to Jack's office] [TV has bullet points: Star Wars, Fried Food, Bagging on Movies, Malarkey] It's white wine, ice cubes, and Sprite. She calls it "funky juice."
     141   Jack      I've got to look camera ready tonight. I'm being interviewed on C.N.B.C. Have you ever watched The Hot Box with Avery Jessup?
     142   Jack      Wow, that is inspired. You are truly the Picasso of loneliness.
     143   Jack      Of course. You know, I learned to talk to gorillas when I worked for G.E. Medical. We are going to test poisons on you.
     144   Jack      It's set to Geneva time. Last night, Avery saw right through my conference call move. Today, she sent this. ''Hopefully, you won't make the same mistake again, 'mon se poivre That means ''my salt and pepper'' in Swiss French.
     145   Jack      What? No, people do not change. In the late 90s, I thought Colleen had become a better person. It turns out she had a tumor pressing on her brain's pleasure center. A tumor those quack doctors removed.
     146   Jack      Nancy, I'm sorry, the audio's bad. Jonathan, why do I have an Indian assistant if my computer is always...
     147   Jack      Well, that will really disappoint your key demographic of drunken 11-year-olds.
     148   Jack      Then find someone else. I recommend Lutz. Why do I always want to choke that guy?
     149   Jack      Have another open house. I bet someone offers cash this time.
     150   Jack      Female jealousy is an evolutionary fact, Lemon. If you try to breed it out of them you end up with a lesbian with hip dysplasia.
     151   Jack      Lemon, who thinks gesturing with one's thumbs is for poor people is going to be the next CEO of Kabletown? [points to himself with his pinkies] This guy.
     152   Jack      Nothing. She wants to be a marine biologist. Kaylie is playing right into my hands. I also had a youthful fascination with exploration, and I know exactly what any fourteen year old science geek wants to do: practice frottage on a poster of Linda Ronstadt and meet your idol, like when I met Jacques Cousteau. I will never forget what he said to me. [pause] Ah, I did forget. It was so long ago.
     153   Jack      [opens envelope and pulls out collage-card reading: Thanks for the expedition to the museum! Love, Kaylie] This could be me. "Remember Jack Donaghy? He was the world's greatest oceanographer. And we walruses owe him everything for giving us the gift of language."
     154   Jack      It's a younger man's game, Lemon. But I can't say that I don't miss it. You'd be in your office late at night, and the new girl would come in with some flimsy excuse to be there. ''Oh, Mr. Donaghy, I forgot to give you the factory worker death rates.'' Then, she'd laugh at your lame joke. A touch on the arm. And you'd take your reward. You'd take your reward.
     155   Jack      Nothing, really? That's too bad. 'Cause you know what I always say. Black light attack!
     156   Jack      Well, I had a Porterhouse for Two alone. I am very angry and sleepy.
     157   Jack      This badge is a symbol of dignity, honor, and dramatized 1970s inter-ethnic California daytime motorcycle highway justice.
     158   Jack      If you were a man, you would have to register yourself as a sex criminal. I'm taking Danny back.
     159   Jack      It's true. It was love at first sight. I ache for her sexually. How could I not? I'm entranced by those... mud-colored eyes, set back in that skin. And her laugh. Her walk. That splay-footed walk. And that... whole situation. Right there. And Oh... Moustache. Good God, Lemon.
     160   Jack      ''Lemon numbers among my employees.''
     161   Jack      Yes and no. Yes, that did happen. No, it didn't not happen.
     162   Jack      Bzz... Laser shield.
     163   Jack      This isn't the auto industry, Pete. The auto industry was run by a bunch of out-of-touch white guys selling consumers a product they didn't want. we're G.E., damn it. And we're going to make a giant, flimsy microwave.
     164   Jack      ''Four, get it.'' Four smaller doors.
     165   Jack      Okay, it's a car. we've invented the Pontiac Aztek.
     166   Jack      Shh... You know how the media are. They wait for a mistake and that's all you are. It happened to Hitler. No one ever talks about his paintings.
     167   Jack      When we were on the DL we spent most of our time in the whirlpool getting rubbed down.
     168   Jack      Switch hitter. Pitcher. Catcher. Whatever the boys needed.
     169   Jack      [subtitle: Jack, Tracy's Gay Boss] I think I made my point.
     170   Jack      I know. I broke it. I needed to speak with you and I knew that was the fastest way to get you up here.
     171   Jack      Lemon. Lemon! Is there any news about Tracy?
     172   Jack      TWINKS could be extremely lucrative. Advertisers covet this demographic. When I was with D'Fwan on Queen of Jordan he spent four thousand on chihuahua outfits. For himself.
     173   Jack      Thank you, Lemon. I'd like to help but I'm afraid My Hands Are Tied... is the only show anyone's watching on TWINKS.
     174   Jack      Oh! Of course. Liddy, she is adorable. My night nurse swears she calls me "coschelle," which is Trinidadian creole means "stranger."
     175   Jack      Devon. Explain the gaybies.
     176   Jack      No. You are the spider. I am the sun. I dry up all the rain.
     177   Jack      You bastard.
     178   Jack      Oh, what have I done? The woman is on vacation with her husband as we speak. Probably having beach sex. Which is the third best sex after elevator and White House.
     179   Jack      Good Lord, I've ''Lemoned'' this situation with Nancy. I've got to erase that message.
     180   Jack      Are they? Nancy Donovan. Still so organized. In German class, Mr. Kruger always chose her to sort the students. He was eventually arrested by Israeli commandos. Mm. Look. On the 30th, she took Flight 1470 to R.S.W. He left the next day for C.V.G. They have to be different cities.
     181   Jack      The company has acquired an up-and-coming social networking site called YouFace. So each executive has to set up their YouFace page. Now this picture will be my ''PhoLo''.
     182   Jack      I've been finger tagged, Lemon.
     183   Jack      But only because my mother told me that French kissing was for the Italians.
     184   Jack      Weird in a good way, huh. Like going to the gym drunk.
     185   Jack      There's a lot of history in Studio 4-C. To Catch A Predator, The X.F.L. Halftime Show, storage for broken copier equipment. And now Dealbreakers.
     186   Jack      Yes, well, it's really happening for you, Lemon. Between T.G.S. and this, you're like a swarthy, big-hipped Kelly Ripa.
     187   Jack      I knew it. You're blonde in your fantasies. It looks terrible.
     188   Jack      Lemon, that is why Dealbreakers is going to work. Because your star is a crazy person. And my star is you.
     189   Jack      I.M. Adouche? Banks! What do you want?
     190   Jack      No, I knew right away.
     191   Jack      Well, I don't know, are you married? I'm just saying.
     192   Jack      Great, now we're perfect. What if we changed your name to Veronica St. Pierre? No, that's too much. Your hair is fine.
     193   Jack      No, It's Liz. I need Dealbreakers to work. And yesterday, I told her that she shouldn't wear her glasses.
     194   Jack      I get it. Treat her like The New York Times treats its readers.
     195   Jack      This is great. You look really relaxed. I'd watch this show.
     196   Jack      No, no hi-def. Uh... because of the camera. The, uh, ''gobos'' are really ''moraying''. Right, Pete?
     197   Jack      Okay, here is the honest truth. You're better at this than Oprah.
     198   Jack      I didn't say I wasn't going to see it. Lemon, what is it going to take to get you out of there? What do you want?
     199   Jack      Lemon, I am hemorrhaging money right now.
     200   Jack      Your audience has spent the last hour listening to Kenneth tell cleaned up versions of Garrison Keillor stories.
     201   Jack      Now I understand Performer Liz is freaking out. So I need Regular Liz's help.
     202   Jack      Lemon, I need Regular Liz to tell that crazy bitch, Performer Liz, to get out on stage and give me something I can try to make money off of. Please.
     203   Jack      Lemon, what have we done to you? It's okay. Go home and get some rest. I'll take the hit.
     204   Jack      ''Whom''. And from now on, whenever a television is on in the background of a Sheinhardt-Universal soap opera, you will be on it.
     205   Jack      Do you know what the business model works in the entertainment industry? Make ten shows and hope that one of them works. We produce more failed pilots than the French air force.
     206   Jack      Congratulations. According to the transitive property you just defeated Muammar Gaddafi in arm wrestling.
     207   Jack      I'm an eleven, but continue.
     208   Jack      Did you make sure that Tracy wasn't pretending to be his own wax figure at Madame Tussauds?
     209   Jack      Uh, we'll start with ''going country''. To T.G.S. we'll trick those race-car-loving wideloads into watching your lefty, homoerotic propaganda hour yet.
     210   Jack      Right, Josh, I forgot about that guy. You think that's a good sign?
     211   Jack      So naturally, you came to me because this company is just the two of us.
     212   Jack      I didn't lie, Kenneth. I massaged the truth. what do you need to move past this?
     213   Jack      Now, remind me. Did you just do the Philadelphia cotillion, or did you also debut internationally?
     214   Jack      Canada? Why not just go to Iraq? The television audience doesn't want your elitist, East Coast, alternative, intellectual, left-wing...
     215   Jack      I have to apologize. You know what they should do with people like her? They should round them all up and put them on an island. Oh, wait, they already have. It's called Manhattan.
     216   Jack      I'd never been to an audition before. It was upsetting. A grotesque carnival of human misery.
     217   Jack      I had the perfect woman. Gorgeous, brilliant, always let me be the hat in Monopoly. Why is this happening to me? God, are you punishing me because my hair is better than yours?
     218   Jack      Liddy, say "good God, Lemon."
     219   Jack      Uh, Liddy and I just went to Strawberry Fields where she spat up on a white lady's dreads. It's nice to see that we're back to our version of normal.
     220   Jack      No. Call back tomorrow. She has babynomics at eleven.
     221   Jack      Maybe someday you'll be like me, running a billion dollar corporation, having people pay you for the privilege of cutting your hair, raising a child.
     222   Jack      Not really. Avery's been travelling a lot as part of NBC News's "Hot Blondes in Weird Places" initiative, so she's been out of the baby loop. Until Liddy is sleep trained, frankly it might be easier if Avery stays in Asia.
     223   Jack      Are you accusing me of not doing enough Reagan time with her?
     224   Jack      President inter-Bush is out of the question. Avery will never accept his help. She can't forgive him for not hitting on her during the 1996 Democratic convention.
     225   Jack      I do, of course, have some connections, but my best bet is fraught. I never should have broken up with Condi via text message.
     226   Jack      Me plus you equals frowny face.
     227   Jack      That's okay. She's tough. We do a lot of pirate-themed sexual role play. I'm a parrot.
     228   Jack      I'm sorry that I broke up with you by text. I'm sorry I went drinking with Karl Rove on Valentine's Day. I'm sorry that I said your favourite movie was lame.
     229   Jack      C'mon, Avery, not now. I am going to get you out of there. You are married to Jack Donaghy, dammit, and the world doesn't get to do this to us. WE control our fates! WE are in charge! [pause] Avery? Are you still there? I'm sure her battery died. Right after I finished that speech, just like I wanted it to.
     230   Jack      No we aren't. I was wrong. Condi tried, but Avery plus freedom equals... frowny face.
     231   Jack      I don't think there are. Welcome aboard... Danny.
     232   Jack      Two questions. Must I live by Superman's moral code? And will the sex woman get older?
     233   Jack      I know this sounds ugly, but with Manhattan real estate, there are no rules. It's like check-in at an Italian airport.
     234   Jack      You're preaching to the choir, Kenneth. I mean, I love the earth. I have these rare Kadupul blossoms flown in every morning from Sri Lanka on a private jet. That's the definition of green. And yet, they force us to do more. More sacrifices. Why? For the children. What have children ever done for us?
     235   Jack      Damn you, Tracy Jr.
     236   Jack      Ah, it was for a couple of lousy months. Big deal. l had sex with your prom date.
     237   Jack      When l think of all the things that l've been holding inside me that l wanted to say to you ! Well, now l'm gonna let St. Patrick and St. Michael do my talking for me!
     238   Jack      Those are the stupidest fist names l've ever heard.
     239   Jack      Well, this would have proved my mother wrong, saying that ''Donaghy'' is Gaelic for ''failure.'' What the hell does she know? She's a Murphy -- bunch of mud farmers and sheep rapists.
     240   Jack      Remarkable people, the Blacks -- musical, very athletic, not very good swimmers. Again, l'm talking about the family. Black is African-American, though.
     241   Jack      Well, l know that is the type of thing we tell ourselves, but, trust me, when l was dating Condoleezza, there were genuine cultural tensions. l mean, we would go to the movies, and she would yell at the screen.
     242   Jack      Ghostface, you think you could mention donaghyestates.com at any point?
     243   Jack      Who told Tracy about anagrams? l'm gonna call Dr. Spaceman.
     244   Jack      Uh, take off that jacket. If you're not wearing one of those Christmas sweaters out of guilt, I'll give you $1000.
     245   Jack      This thing's a real cash cow, unlike 'Cash Cow', the failed NBC spin-off of 'Cash Cab'. You try riding a cow through mid-town Manhattan, Lemon. The animal will panic.
     246   Jack      I'm in your head.
     247   Jack      Well I have to go get a bunch of gaybies into preschool before we all get sued so uh … well done, Lemon.
     248   Jack      We'll see. Our new slogan: "NBC: We have a magical horse" is testing, uh … OK.
     249   Jack      Lemon, I'm sorry, but Jenna has become a huge star for this network. She's bigger than Maulik Pancholy on 'Whitney'.
     250   Jack      I was in Washington yesterday, reviewing satellite images of Avery in North Korea. For what it's worth, CIA analysts have confirmed that she is indeed "keeping it tight".
     1     Lutz      Dingleberries.
     2     Lutz      Yeah, that's a good start.
     3     Lutz      Hey, I thought you were gonna bring snickerdoodles in, That's the only reason I showed up.
     4     Lutz      I told them not to. Let's get out of here, Jack.
     5     Lutz      On your wedding night did he take you in the French fashion?
     6     Lutz      Oh, right. It's actually pretty small. I could only take three of you. So I'll... have to choose. That sucks. It's like a reality show where you guys get to compete for a seat in my car by proving how much you like me.
     7     Lutz      It has two. And it has flames on the side.
     8     Lutz      What is this green stuff? [holds lobster it out to Jack] Wipe it off! Wipe it off!
     9     Lutz      [in meeting with Jack] What if there was a channel that's just the sounds of people having a party so you could put it on when you call your parents.
     10    Lutz      What, this? I got hit by a bird on a roller coaster.
     11    Lutz      She's real. Would a fake woman have a personal website at JDLutz.com/karen/proof?
     12    Lutz      But it's my turn to pick. I'm the picker.
     13    Lutz      The Shell by me has good hot dogs.
     14    Lutz      It's not what you think! It's something I need to wear to support my breasts!
     15    Lutz      That a man can have up to nine wives if two of them are male.
     16    Lutz      I almost touched that blue wire. I could have died. I'm gonna tell Sharon I love her. I don't care if we're cousins!
     17    Lutz      I renounce Verdukianism!
     18    Lutz      Mm-hm.
     19    Lutz      Hey, we're all going to Chuck E. Cheese's. It's divorced, Hispanic mom night.
     20    Lutz      What about the purse and sweater?
1     Dr. Spaceman   I'm also listed under meth addiction and child psychiatry. So, what can I help you with? I should start by saying that I can't personally help you conceive. Something happened to me while scuba diving.
     2     Dr. Spaceman   Say no more. If it's giving people meat, then I'm on board. I've always said Humans need more animal blood. It keeps the spine straight.
     3     Dr. Spaceman   You boys need anything while you're here? Some reds? Yellows? Just got some purples in from Peru.
     4     Dr. Spaceman   And it's healthy. Hi, I'm Dr. Leo Spaceman. I'm a working physician with a degree from the Ho Chi Minh city School of medicine.
     5     Dr. Spaceman   [Jack coughs] And cough. [Jack coughs again]. And cough [Jack coughs again]. Okay! Now, let's start the examination.
     6     Dr. Spaceman   Have I given you my new book? [He holds out a book titled "You're Doing It Wrong!"] It's about having a satisfying love life. For life!
     7     Dr. Spaceman   My techniques guarantee male orgasm.
     8     Dr. Spaceman   Ladies! What? This? No, no. I was at a costume party earlier this evening and the hostess's dog attacked me, so I had to stab it. Jack's going to be fine. But he has had a pretty serious cardiac episode. Also, I suspect he may have scurvy because he keeps asking for lemon.
     9     Dr. Spaceman   Good morning! Now, full disclosure: most of my experience is putting babies IN women.
     10    Dr. Spaceman   You just described my morning. Now, Mrs. Jordan, I've already administered the epidural, so... would you like one as well?
     11    Dr. Spaceman   Erectile dysfunction. It's not just a dog problem anymore. It also effects millions of men. I'm "Doctor" Leo Spaceman. For too long, erectile dysfunction has been viewed as a physical problem, and it's been treated with pills and ointments and contraptions whose straps break all too easily. But couldn't the real cause of E.D. be that we haven't produced a good "doing it" song since "Close The Door" by Teddy Pendergrass? That's why I recorded an album.
     12    Dr. Spaceman   [singing] Baby, let's take it slow. You know we've got all night, light some candles, draw a bath, and start off with full-on intercourse.
     13    Dr. Spaceman   Guaranteed to end erectile dysfunction, these are the sweet sounds of Dr. Leo Spaceman's "Love Storm." An ultra-strength audio re-boneulator.
     14    Dr. Spaceman   One more ''peow'' and... donezies.
     15    Dr. Spaceman   I'm sure it did. This machine is a genuine... LASIG? Hm, curious. Here. Can you read the top line over there?
     16    Dr. Spaceman   Well, why not? So frustrating. But at least I heard it from a friend. So while we're here, what else do you want to do? Face burn? Bone morph? Mouth peel?
     17    Dr. Spaceman   Really? I think you mean radio.
     18    Dr. Spaceman   You seem nervous. I could give you something for that. Ah, but you know what? I'm not supposed to have sex with my patients.
     19    Dr. Spaceman   Excellent. [sees Pete off] My God, Jenna, are you pregnant? How? Did you go swimming in a public pool?
     20    Dr. Spaceman   Well that's redundant. All pregnancies are hysterical. They're started by penises.
     21    Dr. Spaceman   All right, now that the popsicle's melted we've got ourselves a tongue depressor.
     22    Dr. Spaceman   Ah they're nothing to be ashamed of. I get them from prostitutes.
     23    Dr. Spaceman   Sounds like you could use a little R&R. Rum and Ritalin.
     24    Dr. Spaceman   There are four things I want to do this summer, but they're roommates so it's tricky. All right, here's a prescription for your cold sores and here's a blank one for the weekend. Now one final thing. Why aren't you wearing pants?
     25    Dr. Spaceman   Other doctor? That's my brother Randy. Tomorrow he's going to jail for the rest of his life. Good one, Randy! Hey you want to go to Taco Bell for lunch?
     26    Dr. Spaceman   If a patient's friend runs into the operating room and yells at you, you have to stop. It's the Doctor's Code.
     1     Kenneth   I promise, I'll do better, Mr. Hornberger.
     2     Kenneth   Good morning Mr. Donaghy.
     3     Kenneth   My mother always told me that even when things seem bad, there's someone else who's having a worse day. Like being stung by a bee. Or getting a splinter. Or being chained to a wall in someone's sex dungeon.
     4     Kenneth   My mother is my best friend.
     5     Kenneth   My mother has her dark times too, but that's when i say "momma you carried me for 9 months. let me carry you now"
     6     Kenneth   I know a gentleman who had a lot of crazy ideas. He was a carpenter. He wanted everyone to love one another.
     7     Kenneth   Well, don't let it happen again. Are you ready for an exciting and challenging day?
     8     Kenneth   No that's usually how it goes.
     9     Kenneth   Well, I like to start cleaning in one corner and then work my way across the room in a zigzag.
     10    Kenneth   You said I'm your boss for today, so I fire you.
     11    Kenneth   See you tomorrow Mr. O’Brien.
     12    Kenneth   No, you shouldn't. please, think of your children.
     13    Kenneth   Um, but I need to --
     14    Kenneth   Oh yeah? If I blew it, then how did I get her underpants?
     15    Kenneth   I just don’t want to disgrace the peacock.
     16    Kenneth   Pregnant cornbread!
     17    Kenneth   Mrs. Jordan? Oh, I don't --
     18    Kenneth   They confused shim with Mrs. Jordan -- Yes, ma'am.
     19    Kenneth   [ Guffaws ]
     20    Kenneth   Especially after l picked out all these throw pillows for in here, and you didn't even notice!
     21    Kenneth   Oh I dunno ma'am. [heavy accent] You made me think about and when I gets to thinkin bout it, it just gets worse!
     22    Kenneth   Oh, Miss Maroney, I have your messages. Uh, a Mr. Bret Fav-ray stopped by, and uh, dropped off this picture of a hot dog? There you go.
     23    Kenneth   Heh heh. Oh, uh, and the Chilean miners are all out, and they are very angry about what you've been saying about them.
     24    Kenneth   Heh.. If you need someone to scream at, I'm right here.
     25    Kenneth   [claps politely]
     26    Kenneth   Ha ho, I'm sorry. It's just that... Mr. Lutz is wearing a hilarious t-shirt, and every time I see him -- just look! [points to Lutz wearing an "I'm With Stupid" t-shirt] [laughs] Whoever's standing next to him is stupid! That guy is stupid. [Lutz starts walking] Now she is, and now they are. Now I were! [laughs] Anyway, Mr. Donaghy called while you were with Mr. Jordan. He needs to see you right away. [goes back to his Page desk, laughing]
     27    Kenneth   Lying perfectly still reminds me of hiding under our porch during a Hill People rampage.
     28    Kenneth   Ah. What are you tinkering with, sir? You know my uncle was a tinkerer. Until the FBI shot him.
     29    Kenneth   Miss Lemon, there's a reason God gave us two ears and only one mouth. Listening is twice as important as talking. But he gave us ten fingers. He must really want us to poke things! Ahhhh poke! [pokes Liz] Poke poke poke poke! [leaves, poking writers]
     30    Kenneth   [hears Liz through a dreamy haze as he writes "Harold" over and over on his notepad]
     31    Kenneth   I'm not done, sir. It gets worse. With Harold gone there was nothing keeping me at home. It was time for me to move to New York and follow my dreams, but I needed $300 for the river ferry-train-oxcart-train-bus ticket. And that's when I saw the sign.
     32    Kenneth   It was Harold. And I ate all of him. Even the face in case of a tie.
     33    Kenneth   I ate him, sir! I ate my father-pig! [screams]
     34    Kenneth   But comedy is just as important as drama. People need to laugh, especially in these tough times. And after all, isn't laughter the best medicine? Except for insulin, Spironolactone, and Bupropion, which I have for you whenever you're ready, sir.
     35    Kenneth   [gives thumbs up to Tracy]
     36    Kenneth   They want me to get a promotion, but I don't wanna move to Los Angeles.
     37    Kenneth   Good afternoon and welcome. Not. We begin our stupid tour of this once-great network outside Studio 6-H. Uh-oh. Ring, ring. Hmm. What's up? Nothing. Just giving a dumb tour to a bunch of uggos.
     38    Kenneth   Let's meet up later and smoke some drug cigarettes.
     39    Kenneth   No, no! For four long years, I have listened to you all complain about your East Coast Media Elite problems. Your apartment renovations and your overpriced Star Wars memorabilia.
     40    Kenneth   Good luck, Argus. Well, sir, there's nothing wrong with this bird. He's just very old. Argus probably doesn't have very long to live.
     41    Kenneth   Well, not ''New York thin,'' but... Don't worry, I'm on it, Miss Lemon. Sorry. Mrs. Argus.
     42    Kenneth   Oh, no, I get that. What I don't get is this is Danny's dressing room.
     43    Kenneth   Mr. Donaghy... I have to run out to Mr. Jordan's house. I'll call you when I get there so you know I'm safe.
     44    Kenneth   Actually, sir... I think you should come home. Mrs. Jordan said she's going to turn her rings around if she sees me again. She wants you to come help her.
     45    Kenneth   You're a good husband, Mr. Jordan. [Dog growling] Sir, is there any chance your dog followed me here?
     46    Kenneth   Gosh, Mr. Hornberger. you say that so often, you should come up with a shortcut word for it, like ''Ivatrennaprah''.
     47    Kenneth   Now I don't have a lot of experience reading stuff out loud to people, so I'm going to do this the most normal way I can think of. ''Space, space, space, space, space, space''. ''My Autobiography. ''Space, space, space, space, space. ''By Kenneth Ellen Parcell. ''Space, space, space, space, space.''
     48    Kenneth   Oh, I'll show you how to thank me.
     49    Kenneth   What happens when the second flood comes and you're not allowed on Reverend Gary's ark? Especially since Reverend Gary made it clear the ark is just for teen aged boys.
     50    Kenneth   I can talk to animals. Well, not TALK to them, but take commands from them.
     51    Kenneth   Look at all these books, sir. I feel like I'm back at school, learning about the dangers of book reading.
     52    Kenneth   Including meeting the man of your dreams? Oh, Miss Lemon, it's so romantic. Just like that movie I only saw the first 10 minutes of- Fatal Attraction.
     53    Kenneth   You're going Irish!
     54    Kenneth   Not what my uncles does when he gets a hitchhiker over a barrel, I'll tell you that.
     55    Kenneth   Isn't that just "Easter?" And I don't want anything, sir. I'm just happy to spend all day here helping my work family.
     56    Kenneth   [very slowly] One... Mississippi...
     57    Kenneth   [flashback to Kenneth poisoning Donna's food with a green powder out of a false ring]
     58    Kenneth   Sorry I'm late, Mr. Hornberger. Funny story. There was a guy on the subway who I thought for a second didn't have any fingers. But then I realized, he was holding his hand like this.
     59    Kenneth   Oh, I've got an idea for a show called Doctor, about Richard Doctor, who's a piano player. Do you remember that show, Jennifer Slept Here? Ann Jillian plays the ghost of a Hollywood starlet who helps teenagers. With what? I don't know.
     60    Kenneth   Some of those people on Match Game were drunk. With power.
     61    Kenneth   Did you know the Today Show used to have a monkey on it? Hasn't been as good since. I think that chimp used to drive the truck himself on You Know What and The Bear
     62    Kenneth   Miss Lemon, these gentlemen are the writers for Bruins Beat, whose offices we'll be sharing. They're all named Sean, they are mean, and I hate it here.
     63    Kenneth   I hope my legacy is a Sesame Street-type TV show that promotes illiteracy in girls.
     64    Kenneth   I'm sorry, did you say, ''doll hairs''?
     65    Kenneth   [subtitle: Kenneth, Elderly Page] Mr. D'Fwan, Party City does not sell giant see-through clocks or Pegasus wings, so I got this paper pineapple instead.
     66    Kenneth   Miss Maroney, your addiction has negatively affected me in the following ways: Number one, I was so worried I forgot to write the rest of this letter. Thank you.
     67    Kenneth   Starting a fan mailing campaign to save the show. People will send sugar cubes to Hank Hooper to show that they're sweet on TGS. I've already sent about a hundred of these even though licking an envelope is a sin. Unless you're married to it. So I had to marry each envelope and then divorce it, which brings me to my ninth point-
     68    Kenneth   Kenneth, you beautiful goon! He's not in Africa! He's somewhere in the delivery zone of Federici's Pizza! We can find him and bring him back here and no more forced hiatus!
     69    Kenneth   Bird Internet...
     70    Kenneth   Sorry, sir. That happens sometimes when I unhinge my pelvis.
     71    Kenneth   Sir, this computer is not helping with our search. If you type ''Nancy's Secrets'' into the internet, do you have any idea what comes up? A store that sells wig extensions.
     72    Kenneth   Uh, Fort Myers and Cincinnati. Did you not learn your nation's airport codes in high school?
     73    Kenneth   The sun is up, and we are still in these people's home. God can see us now. We have to find that voicemail code.
     74    Kenneth   It's not the numbers, sir. It's the letters. They spell ''Klaus''. Your name in German class. The class you were in with Nancy. In high school. Back in Massachu...
     75    Kenneth   And a bowl of meat cubes with picture of Jimmy Connors sticking out, in the tradition of Verdukianism.
     76    Kenneth   Not me, sir. Tonight is the Verdukian Holiday of Mouth Pleasures. Misters Rossitano, Spurlock and Lutz must have free sausage pizza followed by some gentle flossing performed by a blond virgin.
     77    Kenneth   Yes ma'am. There have been several deliveries to this address of Mr. Jordan's signature order: large cheese pizza with one slice taken out so I can pretend I'm eating Pac-Man, like my hero Blinky the ghost.
     78    Kenneth   Hello! I'm a baby!
     79    Kenneth   Mr. Jordan, I refuse to accept this is happening. You leaving is as crazy to me as evolution or a woman's right to choose her haircut.
     80    Kenneth   Sir, I have a problem with my time card.
     81    Kenneth   Oh, It's not the money, sir. It's just that I always work more than 16 hours, so I would be signing my name to a lie. The Parcell name is synonymous with honesty. As the Hill People say, ''Parcell gaw say del go up de saw say.''
     82    Kenneth   All those zeros. It's downright un-American.
     83    Kenneth   Of course, sir. would you like something to eat? I have some leftover turtle meat from dinner. Or as you would call it, ''bonus'' turtle meat.
     84    Kenneth   well, there's a bar in the shower that the previous tenant installed to keep from slipping. He still died in there, though.
     85    Kenneth   Those glasses are for display only.
     86    Kenneth   Sir, you sound like the mall Santas when they come back from lunch.
     87    Kenneth   No, sir, he passed away. But at least he died doing what he loved. Blogging on the Huffington Post.
     88    Kenneth   Pity? Oh, sir. Back in Stone Mountain people lose their spouses all the time. Mumps, hill people attacks, cave collapses -- both business and residential -- continuing my list...
     89    Kenneth   When someone needs help you don't waste time feeling sorry for them. We help them. And you seem like you could use a home-cooked meal.
     90    Kenneth   It's an old Parcell family recipe, but I look to replace the Union soldier meat with boiled potatoes.
     91    Kenneth   Well I have to work. Now that the crew is gone I like to give everything a good spring cleaning, starting in the bathroom. There's a lot of drawings of Miss Maroney eating celery that men are giving to her with their hips.
     92    Kenneth   Thanks for the heads up, Jonathan. Do you want to come to my birthday party?
     93    Kenneth   I don't like to swear, sir, but no thank you! Now, maybe I haven't had a wife who was kidnapped, but I have seen the Brady Bunch where Tiger runs away. We've all been through some bad stuff, Mr. Donaghy.
     94    Kenneth   [watching from a distant rock, with a telescope] You see all the good that is in them? How much capacity for love? Yes, I know. I just need more time with them. Give more time, Jacob! I BEG OF YOU! [title: TO BE CONTINUED]
     95    Kenneth   Is it menial?
     96    Kenneth   Global warming, sir? I'm sorry, that's just a bunch of scientist talk. Same people who'd have you believe that my great grandfather was a monkey. If he was a monkey, then why was he killed by a monkey?
     97    Kenneth   I'll do it if you insist, sir. But I'm going to be grumpy until the end of this sentence.
     98    Kenneth   Well, let's see. Minka Kelly says, ''My show is about football. There is a football team called the Chargers. Unplug your chargers.''
     99    Kenneth   Miss Lemon, your mini-fridge is still in your office. You made a promise to Masi Oka. ''Conserve electricity. Don't be a zero. Be a good guy.'' Why doesn't that say ''hero''? That feels like a real missed opportunity.
     100   Kenneth   And Mr. Jordan himself said, ''Don't let no one in who's not on the list 'cause this mess is gonna get raw like sushi.'' So haters to the left.
     101   Kenneth   Mr. Jordan, your manager called. Temple University has canceled your stand-up appearance. And Michael McDonald is denying permission to record any of his songs. ln other words. . . [ lmitating Michael McDonald ] Oh, Tracy You can't use any of my songs
     102   Kenneth   Ms. Lemon, this is Kenneth, the NBC page in New York City. l hate to bother you out west, but Tracy Jordan hasn't come to work.
     103   Kenneth   Good morning Mr. Rossitano. I'm sorry you're going to Hell.
     104   Kenneth   Wonderful! Reverend Gary did the math and guess what? The world is ending tomorrow!
     105   Kenneth   Oh, I'll leave the "thinking" to other religions.
     106   Kenneth   Hello Mr. Hornberger!
     107   Kenneth   Sir, this Chiquita banana sticker had been stuck to that ceiling for years so I finally scraped it off!
     108   Kenneth   Jiminy Cricket, copyright Walt Disney Company, 1940! Mr. Hornberger? Sir?
     109   Kenneth   It's funny; in school, all you learn about Abraham Lincoln is that he was a gay alcoholic!
     110   Kenneth   He's missing me! Boy, you are dumb sometimes.
     1     Dotcom    Well, this copy shop is on the corner of 157th Street and Lieutenant Uhura Avenue.
     2     Dotcom    Since he got nominated for an Oscar. Then once he wins it's on to the next level, which I am not looking forward to. That island he wants to buy is filled with scorpions.
     3     Dotcom    You had to sign your crime, didn't you?
     4     Dotcom    Maybe someday, we'll live in a world where you ask us to pretend to be scientists.
     5     Dotcom    [subtitle: Dotcom, Grizz's Best Friend] I'm sick of being disrespected by that man! Sick of it!
     6     Dotcom    You think we don't walk him back? Do you know how much our cobra payments are? And he's the only one who knows the combination to the candy safe.
     7     Dotcom    That's ironic cuz next week's topic is fascism.
     8     Dotcom    I'm going to be coming by all the time, getting jealous, taking things out of context. That dude, Brian, would be happier moving out!
     9     Dotcom    I feel angry! Like Warren Moon must have felt back in 1995!
     10    Dotcom    Well I’m sorry but you don't really need presents, you already have everything. I mean, you just bought Kareem Abdul Jabbar's bones and he's not even dead!

